The only cure for grief is action.;George Henry Lewes;sympathy
A crowd always thinks with its sympathy, never with its reason.;William R. Alger;sympathy
To desire and expect nothing for oneself and to have profound sympathy for others is genuine holiness.;Ivan Turgenev;sympathy
Sympathy is two hearts tugging at one load.;Charles Henry Parkhurst;sympathy
Grief is only the memory of widowed affections.;James Martineau;sympathy
Pity may represent little more than the impersonal concern which prompts the mailing of a check, but true sympathy is the personal concern which demands the giving of one's soul.;Martin Luther King, Jr.;sympathy
There is something terribly morbid in the modern sympathy with pain. One should sympathise with the colour, the beauty, the joy of life. The less said about life's sores the better.;Oscar Wilde;sympathy
It appears to be a law that you cannot have a deep sympathy with both man and nature.;Henry David Thoreau;sympathy
No one has yet realized the wealth of sympathy, the kindness and generosity hidden in the soul of a child. The effort of every true education should be to unlock that treasure.;Emma Goldman;sympathy
The rule of friendship means there should be mutual sympathy between them, each supplying what the other lacks and trying to benefit the other, always using friendly and sincere words.;Marcus Tullius Cicero;sympathy
Two nations between whom there is no intercourse and no sympathy who are as ignorant of each other's habits, thoughts, and feelings, as if they were dwellers in different zones, or inhabitants of different planets. The rich and the poor.;Benjamin Disraeli;sympathy
The community stagnates without the impulse of the individual. The impulse dies away without the sympathy of the community.;William James;sympathy
Sympathy constitutes friendship but in love there is a sort of antipathy, or opposing passion. Each strives to be the other, and both together make up one whole.;Samuel Taylor Coleridge;sympathy
Staying married may have long-term benefits. You can elicit much more sympathy from friends over a bad marriage than you ever can from a good divorce.;P. J. O'Rourke;sympathy
And whoever walks a furlong without sympathy walks to his own funeral drest in his shroud.;Walt Whitman;sympathy
Marriage must be a relation either of sympathy or of conquest.;George Eliot;sympathy
Both tears and sweat are salty, but they render a different result. Tears will get you sympathy sweat will get you change.;Jesse Jackson;sympathy
I'm not looking for sympathy at all.;Arnold Schwarzenegger;sympathy
If men and women are to understand each other, to enter into each other's nature with mutual sympathy, and to become capable of genuine comradeship, the foundation must be laid in youth.;Havelock Ellis;sympathy
Autumn wins you best by this its mute appeal to sympathy for its decay.;Robert Browning;sympathy
All sympathy not consistent with acknowledged virtue is but disguised selfishness.;Samuel Taylor Coleridge;sympathy
You are 27 or 28 right? It is very tough to live at that age. When nothing is sure. I have sympathy with you.;Haruki Murakami;sympathy
To all those who have suffered as a consequence of our troubled past I extend my sincere thoughts and deep sympathy. With the benefit of historical hindsight we can all see things which we would wish had been done differently or not at all.;Queen Elizabeth II;sympathy
We do not learn by inference and deduction and the application of mathematics to philosophy, but by direct intercourse and sympathy.;Richard M. Nixon;sympathy
We must not permit our respect for the dead or our sympathy for the living to lead us into an act of injustice to the balance of the living.;Davy Crockett;sympathy
Children require guidance and sympathy far more than instruction.;Anne Sullivan;sympathy
I've always thought of acting as more of an exercise in empathy, which is not to be confused with sympathy. You're trying to get inside a certain emotional reality or motivational reality and try to figure out what that's about so you can represent it.;Edward Norton;sympathy
It's no good being nice and young and naive. There's no good in that at all. You've got to do it all yourself, and you've gotta learn quick. And you can't look for sympathy either.;Johnny Rotten;sympathy
Interest does not tie nations together it sometimes separates them. But sympathy and understanding does unite them.;Woodrow Wilson;sympathy
A person who has sympathy for mankind in the lump, faith in its future progress, and desire to serve the great cause of this progress, should be called not a humanist, but a humanitarian, and his creed may be designated as humanitarianism.;Irving Babbitt;sympathy
There should be a sympathy with freedom, a desire to give it scope, founded not upon visionary ideas, but upon the long experience of many generations within the shores of this happy isle, that in freedom you lay the firmest foundations both of loyalty and order.;William E. Gladstone;sympathy
Sympathy is the first condition of criticism.;Henri Frederic Amiel;sympathy
I like the Rolling Stones for karaoke. 'Sympathy For The Devil' is a great one.;Hugh Jackman;sympathy
The humanitarian lays stress almost solely upon breadth of knowledge and sympathy.;Irving Babbitt;sympathy
When we are out of sympathy with the young, then I think our work in this world is over.;George MacDonald;sympathy
You will find that the woman who is really kind to dogs is always one who has failed to inspire sympathy in men.;Max Beerbohm;sympathy
Sympathy is charming, but it does not make up for pain.;Lillie Langtry;sympathy
I would rather be kept alive in the efficient if cold altruism of a large hospital than expire in a gush of warm sympathy in a small one.;Aneurin Bevan;sympathy
The true humanist maintains a just balance between sympathy and selection.;Irving Babbitt;sympathy
Our sympathy is cold to the relation of distant misery.;Edward Gibbon;sympathy
I belong to a nation which over the past centuries has experienced many hardships and reverses. The world reacted with silence or with mere sympathy when Polish frontiers were crossed by invading armies and the sovereign state had to succumb to brutal force.;Lech Walesa;sympathy
I've always liked Saturn. But I also have some sympathy for Pluto because I heard it's been downgraded from a planet, and I think it should remain a planet. Once you've given something planetary status it's kind of mean to take it away.;Jared Leto;sympathy
Learning a foreign language, and the culture that goes with it, is one of the most useful things we can do to broaden the empathy and imaginative sympathy and cultural outlook of children.;Michael Gove;sympathy
Many of the artists who have represented Negro life have seen only the comic, ludicrous side of it, and have lacked sympathy with and appreciation for the warm big heart that dwells within such a rough exterior.;Henry Ossawa Tanner;sympathy
I take people very seriously. People are all I take seriously, in fact. Therefore, I have nothing but sympathy for how people behave - and nothing but laughter to console them with.;John Irving;sympathy
I tend to foster drama via bleakness. If I want the reader to feel sympathy for a character, I cleave the character in half, on his birthday. And then it starts raining. And he's made of sugar.;George Saunders;sympathy
I have nothing but sympathy for the people who are forced to work with me. I'm better now at picking out those that want to play that game with me, and those that don't.;Alton Brown;sympathy
I very much dislike the intolerance and moralism of many Christians, and feel more sympathy with Honest Doubters than with them.;A. N. Wilson;sympathy
Deliberately seek opportunities for kindness, sympathy, and patience.;Evelyn Underhill;sympathy
Children, even infants, are capable of sympathy. But only after adolescence are we capable of compassion.;Louise J. Kaplan;sympathy
I learnt pity, sympathy, and what it was like to be at the other end of the stick. Such lessons can't be learnt in lecture halls.;Lionel Blue;sympathy
September 11th was a moment when America had the sympathy of the world.;Tom Ford;sympathy
Like many people, most Libertarians feel empathy and sympathy for less fortunate people. But they know you can't have perfection in a world of limited resources.;Harry Browne;sympathy
Here's my rule: You always want to pay cash for your own books, because if they look at the name on the credit card and then they look at the name on the book jacket, then there's this look of such profound sympathy for you that you had to resort to this. It really is withering.;Carl Hiaasen;sympathy
I'm in total sympathy with Dick Smith's sentiments I only wish there were grounds for saying we Australians would never tolerate such appalling treatment of refugees being carried out in our name.;Hugh Mackay;sympathy
I have to have a character worth caring about. I tend not to start writing books about people I don't have a lot of sympathy for because I'm just going to be with them too long.;Richard Russo;sympathy
Women have no sympathy and my experience of women is almost as large as Europe.;Florence Nightingale;sympathy
I have sympathy for young people, for their growing pains, but I balk when these growing pains are pushed into the foreground, when you make these young people the only vehicles of life's wisdom.;Wislawa Szymborska;sympathy
I sometimes get that wonderful sympathy between me and the audience, telling me I've reached their hearts. And when I do, the thrill is mine.;Kate Smith;sympathy
It is in Rousseau's writing above all that history begins to turn from upper-class honour to middle-class humanitarianism. Pity, sympathy and compassion lie at the centre of his moral vision. Values associated with the feminine begin to infiltrate social existence as a whole, rather than being confined to the domestic sphere.;Terry Eagleton;sympathy
I have a lot of sympathy for young people because I realize how disturbed I was. How would I deal with life in the future? What would I do for a living?;Clyde Tombaugh;sympathy
I joined the Party definitely in 1923 after having already been in sympathy with it before.;Fritz Sauckel;sympathy
I never ask for mercy and seek no one's sympathy.;Conrad Black;sympathy
I have a theory because I was being beaten up a lot by people outside of school, it was almost like if I could make myself sick enough they'd take sympathy on me.;Daniel Johns;sympathy
We are living at a time when creeds and ideologies vary and clash. But the gospel of human sympathy is universal and eternal.;Samuel Hopkins Adams;sympathy
When you've been raised in care, rap music isn't just about guns and sexism. They're talking about real things you can hang on to, problems of identity that you have sympathy with. It's not just about the music, with rap: when I was in care, it meant a whole lot more than that.;Samantha Morton;sympathy
If the terrorists have the sympathy of people, it's much harder to find them. So we need people on our side, and that leads us to be responsible leaders of the world, show some concern with the problems.;George Soros;sympathy
Sympathy is something that shouldn't be bestowed upon the Yankees. Apparently it angers them.;Bob Feller;sympathy
It is only after one is in trouble that one realizes how little sympathy and kindness there are in the world.;Nellie Bly;sympathy
He bit his lip in a manner which immediately awakened my maternal sympathy, and I helped him bite it.;S. J. Perelman;sympathy
I can hardly express in words my deep feeling and sympathy for them, knowing as I do, the many serious handicaps and obstacles that will confront them in almost every walk of life.;Major Taylor;sympathy
Recognition of belligerency as an expression of sympathy is all very well.;Henry Cabot Lodge;sympathy
Sympathy for victims is always counter-balanced by an equal and opposite feeling of resentment towards them.;Ben Elton;sympathy
It is by a wise economy of nature that those who suffer without change, and whom no one can help, become uninteresting. Yet so it may happen that those who need sympathy the most often attract it the least.;F. H. Bradley;sympathy
Motherhood is at its best when the tender chords of sympathy have been touched.;Paul Harris;sympathy
Actors who are lovers in real life are often incapable if playing the part of lovers to an audience. It is equally true that sympathy between actors who are not lovers may create a temporary emotion that is perfectly sincere.;Ivor Novello;sympathy
Badges mean nothing in themselves, but they mark a certain achievement and they are a link between the rich and the poor. For when one girl sees a badge on a sister Scout's arm, if that girl has won the same badge, it at once awakens an interest and sympathy between them.;Juliette Gordon Low;sympathy
Because I select my players from a feeling that comes to me when I am with them, a certain sympathy you might call it, or a vibration that exists between us that convinces me they are right.;Erich von Stroheim;sympathy
The novelist must look on humanity without partiality or prejudice. His sympathy, like that of the historian, must be unbounded, and untainted by sect or party.;Goldwin Smith;sympathy
Criticism in the universities, I'll have to admit, has entered a phase where I am totally out of sympathy with 95% of what goes on. It's Stalinism without Stalin.;Harold Bloom;sympathy
According to your sympathy, you will take pleasure in your own happiness or in the happiness of other people but it is always your own happiness you seek.;John Buchanan Robinson;sympathy
I am the son of a small and far-away nation and the other laureates have all come from different countries from all over the world and we all were equally received here with signs of sympathy.;Albert Szent-Gyorgyi;sympathy
Whether rich people make money or lose money, they get no sympathy from the public.;Gary Ackerman;sympathy
There's no greater way to gain an audience's sympathy than by being unfortunate.;Seth Green;sympathy
I feel sympathy for the working class lad. I've always championed about ticket prices and try to equate that to people's salaries.;Alex Ferguson;sympathy
But what you could perhaps do with in these days is a word of most sincere sympathy. Your movement is carried internally by so strong a truth and necessity that victory in one form or another cannot elude you for long.;Hjalmar Schacht;sympathy
I don't care about sympathy. I care about playing a character who's understandable and clear.;Anson Mount;sympathy
I'm not going to give a courtesy gift to a person who's going to win, and I'm not going to give a sympathy gift to a person who's going to lose.;Tim Kaine;sympathy
My mother listened to all the news from the camp during the strike. She said little, especially when my father or the men who worked for him were about I remember her instinctive and unhesitating sympathy for the miners.;Agnes Smedley;sympathy
I didn't go to university. Didn't even finish A-levels. But I have sympathy for those who did.;Terry Prachett;sympathy
Since this war began our sympathy has gone out to all the suffering people who have been dragged into it. Further hundreds of millions have become involved since I spoke at Limerick fortnight ago.;Eamon de Valera;sympathy
I don't really distinguish between sympathy and honesty when I'm writing. The two go together - I'm interested in inhabiting my characters, seeing the world through their eyes.;Tom Perrotta;sympathy
We were united not only by political respect for each other, but also by deep mutual sympathy as people.;Helmut Kohl;sympathy
A creative element is surely present in all great systems, and it does not seem possible that all sympathy or fundamental attitudes of will can be entirely eliminated from any human philosophy.;Morris Raphael Cohen;sympathy
Any relations in a social order will endure, if there is infused into them some of that spirit of human sympathy which qualifies life for immortality.;George William Russell;sympathy
They weren't impatient for the boys to turn into cartoons again. They awarded sympathy, gave compassion. Because deep down they had found parts of themselves in the characters. You said it George.;Audrey Meadows;sympathy
Although I'm Australian, I find myself much more in sympathy with the Austrian version!;David Chalmers;sympathy
When men are arrested without any legal basis and for political reasons, it's merely a routine, everyday occurrence in Russia, and hardly anyone has any sympathy.;Alexei Navalny;sympathy
I believe that we must reach our brother, never toning down our fundamental oppositions, but meeting him when he asks to be met, with a reason for the faith that is in us, as well as with a loving sympathy for them as brothers.;Dorothy Day;sympathy
Men are often biased in their judgment on account of their sympathy and their interests.;George William Norris;sympathy
In externals we advance with lightening express speed, in modes of thought and sympathy we lumber on in stage-coach fashion.;Frances E. Willard;sympathy
We all have to announce our full solidarity with the struggle of those seeking freedom and justice in Syria, and translate this sympathy into a clear political vision that supports a peaceful transition to a democratic system of rule that reflects the demands of the Syrian people for freedom.;Mohammed Morsi;sympathy
There's something very beautiful and compelling about someone who has ambition and someone who knows what they want, but it can get a little frustrating at times, so I understand that. I have sympathy for that.;Michael Ealy;sympathy
Sympathy with nature is part of a good person's religion.;Francis Herbert Hedge;sympathy
I want the municipality to be a helping hand to the man with a desire of sympathy, to help the fallen when it is not in their power to help themselves.;John Burns;sympathy
My guitar was loud as hell, and I had no sympathy for anybody else.;Brownie McGhee;sympathy
California must be all American or all Chinese. We are resolved that it shall be American, and are prepared to make it so. May we not rely upon your sympathy and assistance?;Denis Kearney;sympathy
I think we lost a great deal of sympathy and support with the way in which the crisis was handled, most importantly I think when we appeared to be grasping for too much at one time instead of identifying our priorities in a much more responsible fashion.;Billy Tauzin;sympathy
I have to express sympathy from the bottom of my heart to those people who were taken as wartime comfort women. As a human being, I would like to express my sympathies, and also as prime minister of Japan I need to apologize to them.;Shinzo Abe;sympathy
You have to take strength from the people that love you and the people that love Barbara and the huge number of expressions of sympathy and compassion and support. That has been extremely moving.;Ted Olson;sympathy
You have to have sympathy for and an empathy with a character in order to play them.;Laura Carmichael;sympathy
This sympathy is not translated into force against the British government because it is not like the anti- apartheid movement which had a high profile here and Mandela is a more engaging figure than Yasser Arafat.;Tom Paulin;sympathy
It's hard for me to think of others because I'm not particularly in sympathy with the music of this century.;Alan Hovhaness;sympathy
I have great sympathy for people that are infertile, but a life is not something you can give away.;Mary Beth Whitehead;sympathy
Reasoned arguments and suggestions which make allowance for the full difficulties of the state of war that exists may help, and will always be listened to with respect and sympathy.;Stafford Cripps;sympathy
The professional must learn to be moved and touched emotionally, yet at the same time stand back objectively: I've seen a lot of damage done by tea and sympathy.;Anthony Storr;sympathy
I don't think it's an incredibly radical premise to try and have sympathy for someone who has made a mistake.;Joe Cornish;sympathy
IT is mere coincidence that Cooper was born in the year which produced The Power of Sympathy and that when he died Uncle Tom's Cabin was passing through its serial stage, and yet the limits of his life mark almost exactly the first great period of American fiction.;Carl Clinton Van Doren;sympathy
Okay, so, sometimes in life, I can be a score-keeper - someone who keeps track of what he gives and what he gets in return. An annoying quality, to say the least, and I'm sure my wife has your sympathy, but it's made me highly attuned to when and where credit is due.;Mark Feuerstein;sympathy
Women ought to feel a peculiar sympathy in the colored man's wrong, for, like him, she has been accused of mental inferiority, and denied the privileges of a liberal education.;Angelina Grimke;sympathy
More negatives write than call. It's a cheap shot for me to go on the air with the critical letters or E-mail I get because the reaction of the listeners is always an instantaneous expression of sympathy for me and contempt for the poor critic.;John Hall;sympathy
Teetotallers lack the sympathy and generosity of men that drink.;W. H. Davies;sympathy
There's a certain amount of sympathy here for the Bush administration's problem, which is they would like to get rid of Saddam Hussein and they would like to have the Kurds autonomous.;Les Aspin;sympathy
It is the right of our people to organize to oppose any law and any part of the Constitution with which they are not in sympathy.;Alfred E. Smith;sympathy
I didn't feel any remorse or sympathy if I injured a rival. I went over the top a few times but I never broke anyone's leg.;Peter Storey;sympathy
Captain Hale, alone, without sympathy or support, save that from above, on the near approach of death asked for a clergyman to attend him. It was refused. He then requested a Bible that too was refused by his inhuman jailer.;William Hull;sympathy
I have the greatest sympathy with the growth of the socialist party. I think they understand the evils that surround us and hammer them into people's minds better than we Liberals.;Charles Trevelyan;sympathy
I have learned silence from the talkative, toleration from the intolerant, and kindness from the unkind yet, strange, I am ungrateful to those teachers.;Khalil Gibran;teacher
It is the supreme art of the teacher to awaken joy in creative expression and knowledge.;Albert Einstein;teacher
If I am walking with two other men, each of them will serve as my teacher. I will pick out the good points of the one and imitate them, and the bad points of the other and correct them in myself.;Confucius;teacher
You have to grow from the inside out. None can teach you, none can make you spiritual. There is no other teacher but your own soul.;Swami Vivekananda;teacher
I have come to believe that a great teacher is a great artist and that there are as few as there are any other great artists. Teaching might even be the greatest of the arts since the medium is the human mind and spirit.;John Steinbeck;teacher
Every child should have a caring adult in their lives. And that's not always a biological parent or family member. It may be a friend or neighbor. Often times it is a teacher.;Joe Manchin;teacher
What a blind person needs is not a teacher but another self.;Helen Keller;teacher
Everybody who is incapable of learning has taken to teaching.;Oscar Wilde;teacher
One looks back with appreciation to the brilliant teachers, but with gratitude to those who touched our human feelings. The curriculum is so much necessary raw material, but warmth is the vital element for the growing plant and for the soul of the child.;Carl Jung;teacher
Those who know how to think need no teachers.;Mahatma Gandhi;teacher
If you think your teacher is tough, wait until you get a boss. He doesn't have tenure.;Bill Gates;teacher
You can get help from teachers, but you are going to have to learn a lot by yourself, sitting alone in a room.;Dr. Seuss;teacher
The one exclusive sign of thorough knowledge is the power of teaching.;Aristotle;teacher
Most of us end up with no more than five or six people who remember us. Teachers have thousands of people who remember them for the rest of their lives.;Andy Rooney;teacher
There are two kinds of teachers: the kind that fill you with so much quail shot that you can't move, and the kind that just gives you a little prod behind and you jump to the skies.;Robert Frost;teacher
After all manner of professors have done their best for us, the place we are to get knowledge is in books. The true university of these days is a collection of books.;Albert Camus;teacher
The teacher is the one who gets the most out of the lessons, and the true teacher is the learner.;Elbert Hubbard;teacher
I had a terrible education. I attended a school for emotionally disturbed teachers.;Woody Allen;teacher
A good teacher can inspire hope, ignite the imagination, and instill a love of learning.;Brad Henry;teacher
The dream begins with a teacher who believes in you, who tugs and pushes and leads you to the next plateau, sometimes poking you with a sharp stick called 'truth'.;Dan Rather;teacher
The smarter the journalists are, the better off society is. For to a degree, people read the press to inform themselves - and the better the teacher, the better the student body.;Warren Buffett;teacher
A teacher who is attempting to teach without inspiring the pupil with a desire to learn is hammering on cold iron.;Horace Mann;teacher
In a completely rational society, the best of us would be teachers and the rest of us would have to settle for something else.;Lee Iacocca;teacher
We spend the first twelve months of our children's lives teaching them to walk and talk and the next twelve telling them to sit down and shut up.;Phyllis Diller;teacher
I do not believe there is a problem in this country or the world today which could not be settled if approached through the teaching of the Sermon on the Mount.;Harry S. Truman;teacher
When I am able to resist the temptation to judge others, I can see them as teachers of forgiveness in my life, reminding me that I can only have peace of mind when I forgive rather than judge.;Gerald Jampolsky;teacher
I like a teacher who gives you something to take home to think about besides homework.;Lily Tomlin;teacher
Teaching is the only major occupation of man for which we have not yet developed tools that make an average person capable of competence and performance. In teaching we rely on the 'naturals,' the ones who somehow know how to teach.;Peter Drucker;teacher
What we become depends on what we read after all of the professors have finished with us. The greatest university of all is a collection of books.;Thomas Carlyle;teacher
A teacher is a person who never says anything once.;Howard Nemerov;teacher
I am indebted to my father for living, but to my teacher for living well.;Alexander the Great;teacher
None of us got where we are solely by pulling ourselves up by our bootstraps. We got here because somebody - a parent, a teacher, an Ivy League crony or a few nuns - bent down and helped us pick up our boots.;Thurgood Marshall;teacher
Study how water flows in a valley stream, smoothly and freely between the rocks. Also learn from holy books and wise people. Everything - even mountains, rivers, plants and trees - should be your teacher.;Morihei Ueshiba;teacher
Take away paradox from the thinker and you have a professor.;Soren Kierkegaard;teacher
Every bit of me is devoted to love and art. And I aspire to try to be a teacher to my young fans who feel just like I felt when I was younger. I just felt like a freak. I guess what I'm trying to say is I'm trying to liberate them, I want to free them of their fears and make them feel that they can make their own space in the world.;Lady Gaga;teacher
A teacher who is not dogmatic is simply a teacher who is not teaching.;Gilbert K. Chesterton;teacher
A professor is someone who talks in someone else's sleep.;W. H. Auden;teacher
Excellence is a better teacher than mediocrity. The lessons of the ordinary are everywhere. Truly profound and original insights are to be found only in studying the exemplary.;Warren G. Bennis;teacher
I cannot emphasize enough the importance of a good teacher.;Temple Grandin;teacher
The whole art of teaching is only the art of awakening the natural curiosity of young minds for the purpose of satisfying it afterwards.;Anatole France;teacher
A good teacher, like a good entertainer first must hold his audience's attention, then he can teach his lesson.;John Henrik Clarke;teacher
Only one person in a million becomes enlightened without a teacher's help.;Bodhidharma;teacher
Those who have no record of what their forebears have accomplished lose the inspiration which comes from the teaching of biography and history.;Carter G. Woodson;teacher
The doctrine of the Kingdom of Heaven, which was the main teaching of Jesus, is certainly one of the most revolutionary doctrines that ever stirred and changed human thought.;H. G. Wells;teacher
Police and firefighters are great, but they don't create wealth. They protect it. That's crucial. Teaching is a wonderful profession. Teachers help educate people to become good citizens so that citizens can then go create wealth. But they don't create the wealth themselves.;Rush Limbaugh;teacher
Let's reintroduce corporal punishment in the schools - and use it on the teachers.;P. J. O'Rourke;teacher
Failure is a great teacher, and I think when you make mistakes and you recover from them and you treat them as valuable learning experiences, then you've got something to share.;Steve Harvey;teacher
I saw as a teacher how, if you take that spark of learning that those children have, and you ignite it, you can take a child from any background to a lifetime of creativity and accomplishment.;Paul Wellstone;teacher
We can teach a lot of things, but if the teacher can't relate by talking to a group of friendly students, he'll never be a competent teacher.;William Glasser;teacher
Prosperity is a great teacher adversity a greater.;William Hazlitt;teacher
In America the schools have become too permissive, the kids now are controlling the schools, the tail is wagging the dog. We've got to make a change there and get it back to where the teachers have control of the classrooms.;Chuck Norris;teacher
A teacher affects eternity he can never tell where his influence stops.;Henry Adams;teacher
A true teacher defends his students against his own personal influences.;Amos Bronson Alcott;teacher
Please stop teaching my children that everyone gets a trophy just for participating. What is this, the Nobel Prize? Not everybody gets a trophy.;Glenn Beck;teacher
Education is the key to success in life, and teachers make a lasting impact in the lives of their students.;Solomon Ortiz;teacher
It is the malady of our age that the young are so busy teaching us that they have no time left to learn.;Eric Hoffer;teacher
Your best teacher is your last mistake.;Ralph Nader;teacher
Teachers can change lives with just the right mix of chalk and challenges.;Joyce Meyer;teacher
The best teacher is the one who suggests rather than dogmatizes, and inspires his listener with the wish to teach himself.;Edward G. Bulwer-Lytton;teacher
Advice is sometimes transmitted more successfully through a joke than grave teaching.;Baltasar Gracian;teacher
The most important part of teaching is to teach what it is to know.;Simone Weil;teacher
We discovered that education is not something which the teacher does, but that it is a natural process which develops spontaneously in the human being.;Maria Montessori;teacher
For the longest time, you just sound like a broken record, but you have to be consistent when teaching kids.;Heidi Klum;teacher
Teachers believe they have a gift for giving it drives them with the same irrepressible drive that drives others to create a work of art or a market or a building.;A. Bartlett Giamatti;teacher
I would suggest that teachers show their students concrete examples of the negative effects of the actions that gangsta rappers glorify.;Kareem Abdul-Jabbar;teacher
A self-taught man usually has a poor teacher and a worse student.;Henny Youngman;teacher
Suffering is one of life's great teachers.;Bryant H. McGill;teacher
The world of knowledge takes a crazy turn when teachers themselves are taught to learn.;Bertolt Brecht;teacher
It is by teaching that we teach ourselves, by relating that we observe, by affirming that we examine, by showing that we look, by writing that we think, by pumping that we draw water into the well.;Henri Frederic Amiel;teacher
When I was in junior high school, the teachers voted me the student most likely to end up in the electric chair.;Sylvester Stallone;teacher
History is Philosophy teaching by example.;Thucydides;teacher
When people lack teachers, their tendencies are not corrected when they do not have ritual and moral principles, then their lawlessness is not controlled.;Xun Zi;teacher
A teacher must believe in the value and interest of his subject as a doctor believes in health.;Gilbert Highet;teacher
I never had to learn English, French and German because I was brought up as all three languages. I had a private French teacher before I even went to school. That helped a lot.;Karl Lagerfeld;teacher
The five steps in teaching an employee new skills are preparation, explanation, showing, observation and supervision.;Bruce Barton;teacher
A child's learning is a function more of the characteristics of his classmates than those of the teacher.;James S. Coleman;teacher
A retired teacher paid $62,000 towards her pension and nothing, yes nothing, for full family medical, dental and vision coverage over her entire career. What will we pay her? $1.4 million in pension benefits and another $215,000 in health care benefit premiums over her lifetime.;Chris Christie;teacher
I wanted to be a teacher, but I was a lousy student, one of the slowest readers. It was a tremendous struggle. But I'm lucky I had some teachers who saw something in me.;Ann Bancroft;teacher
One good teacher in a lifetime may sometimes change a delinquent into a solid citizen.;Philip Wylie;teacher
TV is bigger than any story it reports. It's the greatest teaching tool since the printing press.;Fred W. Friendly;teacher
The thing I loved the most - and still love the most about teaching - is that you can connect with an individual or a group, and see that individual or group exceed their limits.;Mike Krzyzewski;teacher
Every man who rises above the common level has received two educations: the first from his teachers the second, more personal and important, from himself.;Edward Gibbon;teacher
Nearly everyone I met, worked with, or read about was my teacher, one way or another.;Loretta Young;teacher
I think teaching should be an exalted profession, not a picked-on profession.;Charles Schumer;teacher
We know the parental support, community support, makes a difference. It's not just the metrics of testing and putting pressure on the schools and on the teachers.;Donna Shalala;teacher
That is the difference between good teachers and great teachers: good teachers make the best of a pupil's means great teachers foresee a pupil's ends.;Maria Callas;teacher
The best CEOs I know are teachers, and at the core of what they teach is strategy.;Michael Porter;teacher
If I can make a teacher's salary doing comedy, I think that's better than being a teacher.;Dave Chappelle;teacher
I had a ninth grade teacher who told me I was much smarter and much better than I was allowing myself to be.;Scott Hamilton;teacher
A teacher should have maximal authority, and minimal power.;Thomas Szasz;teacher
You never stop learning. If you have a teacher, you never stop being a student.;Elisabeth Rohm;teacher
Catholic schools in our Nation's education have been paramount in teaching the values that we as parents seek to instill in our children.;Joe Baca;teacher
To this end the greatest asset of a school is the personality of the teacher.;John Strachan;teacher
Americanism demands loyalty to the teacher and respect for his lesson.;Bainbridge Colby;teacher
I was lucky that I met the right mentors and teachers at the right moment.;James Levine;teacher
It's not the teaching, it's the learning.;Sly Stone;teacher
I have an education degree from the University of Minnesota, and I was a teacher for about a minute.;Loni Anderson;teacher
There is no teacher, living or past, who can give us the actual understanding of Truth. A teacher can only put our feet upon the path and point the way. That is all. It is wholly dependent on the individual to make his way to Truth.;Paul Twitchell;teacher
We may have forgotten how to feel. Nobody is teaching us how to live happily ever after, as we've heard in fairy tales.;Yakov Smirnoff;teacher
A hallmark of the Latino community is to help one another, if students are interested in a way to give back and help their communities, becoming a teacher is probably one of the very best ways of doing that.;Ellen Ochoa;teacher
We should not run away from religious teachings. We should run to them.;James Carville;teacher
It was God who made me so beautiful. If I weren't, then I'd be a teacher.;Linda Evangelista;teacher
You know how to tell if the teacher is hung over? Movie Day.;Jay Mohr;teacher
We expert teachers know that motivation and emotional impact are what matter.;Donald Norman;teacher
Students rarely disappoint teachers who assure them in advance that they are doomed to failure.;Sidney Hook;teacher
Some of my high school teachers did remind me that I had an excellent imagination when it came to making up excuses.;David E. Kelley;teacher
The art of teaching is the art of assisting discovery.;Mark Van Doren;teacher
The true aim of everyone who aspires to be a teacher should be, not to impart his own opinions, but to kindle minds.;Frederick William Robertson;teacher
Experience is a good teacher, but she sends in terrific bills.;Minna Antrim;teacher
The impending teacher shortage is the most critical education issue we will face in the next decade.;David E. Price;teacher
Everybody's a teacher if you listen.;Doris Roberts;teacher
The teacher who is indeed wise does not bid you to enter the house of his wisdom but rather leads you to the threshold of your mind.;Khalil Gibran;teacher
If a country is to be corruption free and become a nation of beautiful minds, I strongly feel there are three key societal members who can make a difference. They are the father, the mother and the teacher.;Abdul Kalam;teacher
In the practice of tolerance, one's enemy is the best teacher.;Dalai Lama;teacher
Love is a better teacher than duty.;Albert Einstein;teacher
Success is a lousy teacher. It seduces smart people into thinking they can't lose.;Bill Gates;teacher
Come forth into the light of things, let nature be your teacher.;William Wordsworth;teacher
The mediocre teacher tells. The good teacher explains. The superior teacher demonstrates. The great teacher inspires.;William Arthur Ward;teacher
Technology is just a tool. In terms of getting the kids working together and motivating them, the teacher is the most important.;Bill Gates;teacher
The object of teaching a child is to enable him to get along without his teacher.;Elbert Hubbard;teacher
Failure should be our teacher, not our undertaker. Failure is delay, not defeat. It is a temporary detour, not a dead end. Failure is something we can avoid only by saying nothing, doing nothing, and being nothing.;Denis Waitley;teacher
Experience is the teacher of all things.;Julius Caesar;teacher
Smartness runs in my family. When I went to school I was so smart my teacher was in my class for five years.;Gracie Allen;teacher
The greatest sign of success for a teacher... is to be able to say, 'The children are now working as if I did not exist.';Maria Montessori;teacher
I'm glad I was a teacher.;John Wooden;teacher
My father was my teacher. But most importantly he was a great dad.;Beau Bridges;teacher
Mama was my greatest teacher, a teacher of compassion, love and fearlessness. If love is sweet as a flower, then my mother is that sweet flower of love.;Stevie Wonder;teacher
Everywhere I go, I'm asked if I think the universities stifle writers. My opinion is that they don't stifle enough of them. There's many a best seller that could have been prevented by a good teacher.;Flannery O'Connor;teacher
Experience is a hard teacher because she gives the test first, the lesson afterward.;Vernon Law;teacher
Music when healthy, is the teacher of perfect order, and when depraved, the teacher of perfect disorder.;John Ruskin;teacher
He most honors my style who learns under it to destroy the teacher.;Walt Whitman;teacher
The parents have a right to say that no teacher paid by their money shall rob their children of faith in God and send them back to their homes skeptical, or infidels, or agnostics, or atheists.;William Jennings Bryan;teacher
Fear is not a lasting teacher of duty.;Marcus Tullius Cicero;teacher
A garden is a grand teacher. It teaches patience and careful watchfulness it teaches industry and thrift above all it teaches entire trust.;Gertrude Jekyll;teacher
I have long enjoyed the friendship and companionship of Republicans because I am by instinct a teacher, and I would like to teach them something.;Woodrow Wilson;teacher
I was told to challenge every spiritual teacher, every world leader to utter the one sentence that no religion, no political party, and no nation on the face of the earth will dare utter: 'Ours is not a better way, ours is merely another way.;Neale Donald Walsch;teacher
I wanted to be a teacher. I love children, so I wanted to deal with children. Then I wanted to be a veterinarian. But by the age of ten or eleven, when I opened my mouth and said, 'Oh, God, what's this?' I kind of knew teaching and being a veterinarian were gonna have to wait.;Whitney Houston;teacher
I wanted to be a teacher.;Kim Kardashian;teacher
Every single major push in education has made it worse and right now it's really bad because everything we've done is de-humanizing education. It's destroying the possibility of the teacher and the student having a warm, friendly, intellectual relationship.;William Glasser;teacher
I think once you're in the public eye, whether you're a boss, a teacher or whatever you do, that you're automatically in the position of role model. You have people looking up to you, so whether you choose to accept it or not is a different question.;Talib Kweli;teacher
I've learned that mistakes can often be as good a teacher as success.;Jack Welch;teacher
Success is not a good teacher, failure makes you humble.;Shahrukh Khan;teacher
The single most important thing in a child's performance is the quality of the teacher. Making sure a child spends the maximum amount of time with inspirational teachers is the most important thing.;Michael Gove;teacher
Students never think it can be the teacher's fault and so I thought I was stupid. I was frustrated and would come home and cry because I couldn't do it. Then we got a new teacher who made math accessible. That made all the difference and I learned that it's how you present it that makes it scary or friendly.;Danica McKellar;teacher
I'm embarrassed every time I look a teacher in the eye, because we ask them to do so much for so little.;Phil McGraw;teacher
You can't tell a woman who is called by God to teach that she cannot teach the Word of God... So I think the distinction is that there's a difference between the authority of a pastor and a Bible teacher.;Charles Stanley;teacher
In this outward and physical ceremony we attest once again to the inner and spiritual strength of our Nation. As my high school teacher, Miss Julia Coleman, used to say: 'We must adjust to changing times and still hold to unchanging principles.';Jimmy Carter;teacher
Experience is the best teacher of all. And for that, there are no guarantees that one will become an artist. Only the journey matters.;Harry Callahan;teacher
The teacher who is attempting to teach without inspiring the pupil with a desire to learn is hammering on cold iron.;Horace Mann;teacher
In high school, a teacher once suggested that I be a math major in college. I thought, 'Me? You've got to be joking!' I mean, in junior high, I used to come home and cry because I was so afraid of my math homework. Seriously, I was terrified of math.;Danica McKellar;teacher
I had people in my life who didn't give up on me: my mother, my aunt, my science teacher. I had one-on-one speech therapy. I had a nanny who spent all day playing turn-taking games with me.;Temple Grandin;teacher
Teacher unions are an interest group that acts in defense of their own interests, which means the union bosses' interests, not the members.;Peter Brimelow;teacher
I could undertake to be an efficient pupil if it were possible to find an efficient teacher.;Gertrude Stein;teacher
Research is starting to show that a child should be engaged at least 20 hours a week. I do not think it matters which program you choose as long as it keeps the child actively engaged with the therapist, teacher, or parent for at least 20 hours a week.;Temple Grandin;teacher
There's always someone asking you to underline one piece of yourself - whether it's Black, woman, mother, dyke, teacher, etc. - because that's the piece that they need to key in to. They want to dismiss everything else.;Audre Lorde;teacher
There are many teachers who could ruin you. Before you know it you could be a pale copy of this teacher or that teacher. You have to evolve on your own.;Berenice Abbott;teacher
The true teacher defends his pupils against his own personal influence. He inspires self-trust. He guides their eyes from himself to the spirit that quickens him. He will have no disciples.;Amos Bronson Alcott;teacher
Money is such an amazing teacher: What you choose to do with your money shows whether you are truly powerful or powerless.;Suze Orman;teacher
To the teacher weighed down with paperwork, I say: you've been messed around too often. You came into teaching to spend your time teaching children not filling in forms.;William Hague;teacher
A little girl who finds a puzzle frustrating might ask her busy mother (or teacher) for help. The child gets one message if her mother expresses clear pleasure at the request and quite another if mommy responds with a curt 'Don't bother me - I've got important work to do.';Daniel Goleman;teacher
This is at the heart of all good education, where the teacher asks students to think and engages them in encouraging dialogues, constantly checking for understanding and growth.;William Glasser;teacher
Vadim was both my teacher and my husband. I placed myself entirely in his hands.;Brigitte Bardot;teacher
If I'd stayed at college I would have become a teacher.;Syd Barrett;teacher
As a teacher, as a propagandist, Mr. Shaw is no good at all, even in his own generation. But as a personality, he is immortal.;Max Beerbohm;teacher
Experience is a great teacher.;John Legend;teacher
My parents were early converts to Christianity in my part of Nigeria. They were not just converts my father was an evangelist, a religious teacher. He and my mother traveled for thirty-five years to different parts of Igboland, spreading the gospel.;Chinua Achebe;teacher
No bubble is so iridescent or floats longer than that blown by the successful teacher.;William Osler;teacher
If a teacher does not involve himself, his values, his commitments, in the course of discussion, why should the students?;Paul Wellstone;teacher
A good teacher must be able to put himself in the place of those who find learning hard.;Eliphas Levi;teacher
I thought, well of course, Kinsey absolutely adored teaching. He was a wonderful teacher. So these kids really inspired me. So that was a clue I hung onto. He loved young people, he absolutely loved them. And he loved teaching them and trying to help them.;Liam Neeson;teacher
This is what I would have done if I had to have a real job: I would have been a history teacher.;Kareem Abdul-Jabbar;teacher
For whatever reason, I didn't succumb to the stereotype that science wasn't for girls. I got encouragement from my parents. I never ran into a teacher or a counselor who told me that science was for boys. A lot of my friends did.;Sally Ride;teacher
I'm an unemployed teacher right now and I'm looking for a place to teach.;Bobby Knight;teacher
The first responsibility of the Muslim is as teacher. That is his job, to teach. His first school, his first classroom is within the household. His first student is himself. He masters himself and then he begins to convey the knowledge that he has acquired to the family. The people who are closest to him.;H. Rap Brown;teacher
I should prefer to have a politician who regularly went to a massage parlour than one who promised a laptop computer for every teacher.;A. N. Wilson;teacher
The teacher must derive not only the capacity, but the desire, to observe natural phenomena. The teacher must understand and feel her position of observer: the activity must lie in the phenomenon.;Maria Montessori;teacher
I believe that the testing of the student's achievements in order to see if he meets some criterion held by the teacher, is directly contrary to the implications of therapy for significant learning.;Carl Rogers;teacher
To a teacher of languages there comes a time when the world is but a place of many words and man appears a mere talking animal not much more wonderful than a parrot.;Joseph Conrad;teacher
While teaching, I also worked undercover in the lower courts by saying I was a young law teacher wanting experience in criminal law. The judges were happy to assist me but what I learned was how corrupt the lower courts were. Judges were accepting money right in the courtroom.;Samuel Dash;teacher
Discussion in class, which means letting twenty young blockheads and two cocky neurotics discuss something that neither their teacher nor they know.;Vladimir Nabokov;teacher
Creative activity could be described as a type of learning process where teacher and pupil are located in the same individual.;Arthur Koestler;teacher
A Latin teacher told me I might make a good actress, and that stuck in my memory. I did some modeling, and Polanski gave me that small part.;Jacqueline Bisset;teacher
Teachers make a difference, and we would serve our students better by focusing on attracting and retaining the quality teachers by raising teacher pay.;Jeb Bush;teacher
Therefore, a person should first be changed by a teacher's instructions, and guided by principles of ritual. Only then can he observe the rules of courtesy and humility, obey the conventions and rules of society, and achieve order.;Xun Zi;teacher
Fear is not a good teacher. The lessons of fear are quickly forgotten.;Mary Catherine Bateson;teacher
Faulkner turned out to be a great teacher. When a student asked a question ineptly, he answered the question with what the student had really wanted to know.;Leslie Fiedler;teacher
In a Glasser Quality School there is no such thing as a closed book test. Students are told to get out their notes and open their books. There is no such thing as being forbidden to ask the teacher or another student for help.;William Glasser;teacher
Having been an educator for so many years I know that all a good teacher can do is set a context, raise questions or enter into a kind of a dialogic relationship with their students.;Godfrey Reggio;teacher
I had a heartbreaking experience when I was 9. I always wanted to be a guard. The most wonderful girl in the world was a guard. When I got polio and then went back to school, they made me a guard. A teacher took away my guard button.;Francis Ford Coppola;teacher
Adversity is a great teacher, but this teacher makes us pay dearly for its instruction and often the profit we derive, is not worth the price we paid.;Elizabeth Hardwick;teacher
A good teacher must know the rules a good pupil, the exceptions.;Martin H. Fischer;teacher
I think some parents now look at a youngster failing as the final thing. It's a process, and failure is part of the process. I would like it if the teacher and the parents would connect more. I think that used to be, but we're losing a little bit of that right now.;Mike Krzyzewski;teacher
I must have got my detailed, obsessive streak from my father, who was an English teacher, because my mother wasn't like me at all.;Barbra Streisand;teacher
What students lack in school is an intellectual relationship or conversation with the teacher.;William Glasser;teacher
In other words, if a teacher only teaches in one way, then they conclude that the kids who can't learn well that way don't have the ability, when, in fact, it may be that the way the teacher's teaching is not a particularly good match to the way those kids learn.;Robert Sternberg;teacher
I'm blessed with a good pair of ears. That's how I fooled my piano teacher. I'd watch his fingers and I'd listen to it, and I just kind of basically learned it by myself.;Eddie Van Halen;teacher
I never did very well in math - I could never seem to persuade the teacher that I hadn't meant my answers literally.;Calvin Trillin;teacher
I'd like to think I'm a great teacher.;Gordon Ramsay;teacher
There's many a bestseller that could have been prevented by a good teacher.;Flannery O'Connor;teacher
My happiest memory of childhood was my first birthday in reform school. This teacher took an interest in me. In fact, he gave me the first birthday presents I ever got: a box of Cracker Jacks and a can of ABC shoe polish.;Flip Wilson;teacher
I'm a freak, everything has to be totally flat when I play. Ed Will, my jazz teacher, set up everything completely flat, and then you'd tilt your snare drum away from you, so I do that too. So my snare tilts away from me.;Travis Barker;teacher
Every marriage tends to consist of an aristocrat and a peasant. Of a teacher and a learner.;John Updike;teacher
Benevolence alone will not make a teacher, nor will learning alone do it. The gift of teaching is a peculiar talent, and implies a need and a craving in the teacher himself.;John Jay Chapman;teacher
Events are the best teacher for us. You try to learn from people, there is always some bend to it.;Yoko Ono;teacher
My humanitarian work evolved from being with my family. My mom, my dad, they really set a great example for giving back. My mom was a nurse, my dad was a school teacher. But my mom did a lot of things for geriatrics and elderly people. She would do home visits for free.;Cat Cora;teacher
I am sure it is one's duty as a teacher to try to show boys that no opinions, no tastes, no emotions are worth much unless they are one's own. I suffered acutely as a boy from the lack of being shown this.;A. C. Benson;teacher
I was raised in New York City and raised in the New York City theater world. My father was a theater director and an acting teacher, and it was not uncommon for me to have long discussions about the method and what the various different processes were to finding a character and exploring character and realizing that character.;Vin Diesel;teacher
History is the only true teacher, the revolution the best school for the proletariat.;Rosa Luxemburg;teacher
My ambition in high school was to be a high school coach and teacher, and that's still what I do: teach.;Mike Krzyzewski;teacher
Tragedy is a hell of a teacher. It's much too strict, but it's a hell of a teacher.;Harlan Coben;teacher
Prior to being allowed to enter the profession, prospective teachers should be asked to talk with a group of friendly students for at least half an hour and be able to engage them in an interesting conversation about any subject the prospective teacher wants to talk about.;William Glasser;teacher
If we are to negotiate the coming years safely, we may need a new kind of leadership. To put it more precisely, we need the rediscovery of an ancient kind of leadership that has rarely been given the prominence it deserves. I mean the leader as teacher.;Jonathan Sacks;teacher
The contrasts between what is spent today to educate a child in the poorest New York City neighborhoods, where teacher salaries are often even lower than the city averages, and spending levels in the wealthiest suburban areas are daunting challenges to any hope New Yorkers might retain that even semblances of fairness still prevail.;Jonathan Kozol;teacher
My art teacher in junior high was a very out gay man and a mentor to me. He would tell us about Greenwich Village and show us the 'Village Voice' and describe his life, but it was all sort of subversive and below the radar.;Gus Van Sant;teacher
My art teacher in junior high was a very out gay man and a mentor to me.;Gus Van Sant;teacher
I've always remembered something Sanford Meisner, my acting teacher, told us. When you create a character, it's like making a chair, except instead of making someting out of wood, you make it out of yourself. That's the actor's craft - using yourself to create a character.;Robert Duvall;teacher
It is not easy to imagine how little interested a scientist usually is in the work of any other, with the possible exception of the teacher who backs him or the student who honors him.;Jean Rostand;teacher
I didn't read so much Japanese literature. Because my father was a teacher of Japanese literature, I just wanted to do something else.;Haruki Murakami;teacher
I really enjoyed hanging out with some of the teachers. This one chemistry teacher, she liked hanging out. I liked making explosives. We would stay after school and blow things up.;Maya Lin;teacher
Do I think it's OK to fight authority as long as you're only talking about the high school teacher? No.;John Mellencamp;teacher
My father was a swim teacher. We used to swim before school, swim after school.;Gordon Ramsay;teacher
They should regard me as what I am. I am a spiritual leader and teacher.;Louis Farrakhan;teacher
I think it goes back to my high school days. In computer class, the first assignment was to write a program to print the first 100 Fibonacci numbers. Instead, I wrote a program that would steal passwords of students. My teacher gave me an A.;Kevin Mitnick;teacher
A good teacher is a determined person.;Gilbert Highet;teacher
He was the editor of our paper. He created the publishing house in Hebrew. He was - I wouldn't say the 'guru' - but really he was our teacher and a most respected man. I wrote for the paper of the youth movement.;Shimon Peres;teacher
Why not whip the teacher when the pupil misbehaves?;Diogenes of Sinope;teacher
As a teacher at Princeton, I'm surrounded by people who work hard so I just make good use of my time. And I don't really think of it as work - writing a novel, in one sense, is a problem-solving exercise.;Joyce Carol Oates;teacher
I'm like a really goofy home ec teacher.;Alton Brown;teacher
My mother is a special education teacher but also an artist, and my father an advertising executive. They are about as wacky as you can get without being alcoholics.;Sloane Crosley;teacher
Oh, stuff the critics. I don't care. Too many people are snooty about classical. Look, I wasn't brought up in a home where we listened to classical music. It was a singing teacher that thought it would be best for my voice. Then I moved into crossover. And if that makes the music accessible to more people, then great.;Katherine Jenkins;teacher
Everyone who remembers his own education remembers teachers, not methods and techniques. The teacher is the heart of the educational system.;Sidney Hook;teacher
My job requires me to put on a little dress and run around the streets of New York in heels. But I also had the financial means to hire a yoga teacher to come to my house while my sitter watched the newborn. For 95 percent of the world, that's not realistic.;Sarah Jessica Parker;teacher
I got picked on a lot, even by teachers too. I liked to listen to musicals and bake, and my homeroom teacher found out and mocked me in front of the whole class for baking.;Dan Savage;teacher
I can remember exactly where I sat when my teacher first read Roald Dahl's 'James and the Giant Peach'.;Dave Eggers;teacher
I have to be a teacher to my daughters.;Carnie Wilson;teacher
A few years back, when my style was 'punk grandma,' I picked up an amazing pair of sandals - orthopaedic ones, with really thick soles. I've given them away to a friend now, because these days my look is more '1980s substitute teacher gone wild.';Beth Ditto;teacher
My father was my main influence. He was a preacher, but he was also a history and political science teacher, and since he was my hero, I wanted to follow in his footsteps and become a teacher.;David Soul;teacher
The greatest teacher I know is the job itself.;James Cash Penney;teacher
I dropped out of high school when I was 16, after I had a huge argument with my English teacher over the meaning of the word 'existentialism.';Craig Ferguson;teacher
I basically started playing violin at the age of six. That lasted about three years because my previous teacher died and the second teacher didn't really know how to successfully get me going.;Miroslav Vitous;teacher
I would probably be a teacher if I weren't a comedian.;Brad Garrett;teacher
My brother's a teacher in Costa Rica and actually does a more important and significant job than I will ever do.;Dominic Monaghan;teacher
Last time I was in Jamaica I financed a teacher to teach in an orphanage.;Ziggy Marley;teacher
There are ways we can go do a better job of educating young moms and dads about the vital role they have as the child's first teacher. I think there are ways in which we can partner with local school districts and states to do a better job to provide nutrition options at school.;Tom Vilsack;teacher
Evil can be a teacher, if you look at the wisdom of its negative power.;Tom Brown, Jr.;teacher
I'd like to say I was smart enough to finish six grades in five years, but I think perhaps the teacher was just glad to get rid of me.;Alan Shepard;teacher
Once I understood Bach's music, I wanted to be a concert pianist. Bach made me dedicate my life to music, and it was that teacher who introduced me to his world.;Nina Simone;teacher
I've noticed that my resolutions involve me not doing stuff that I wasn't going to do anyway so here's something more positive. I'm going to retrain as a Latin teacher in a provincial public school.;Arthur Smith;teacher
Being a mother has been my greatest teacher and also the most self-sacrificing thing I've ever done.;Katey Sagal;teacher
I was a mimic when I was a child. I mimicked the teacher and made friends that way, actually. That was a very subversive activity, because I was a goody-goody who never got in trouble. But if I went off in the corner and mimicked the teacher, people loved it.;Anna Deavere Smith;teacher
My mom was a teacher - I have the greatest respect for the profession - we need great teachers - not poor or mediocre ones.;Condoleezza Rice;teacher
My mother was a public school teacher in Virginia, and we didn't have any money, we just survived on happiness, on being a happy family.;Dave Grohl;teacher
I claim Dickens as a mentor. He's my teacher. He's one of my driving forces.;Anne Rice;teacher
My physics teacher, Thomas Miner was particularly gifted. To this day, I remember how he introduced the subject of physics. He told us we were going to learn how to deal with very simple questions such as how a body falls due to the acceleration of gravity.;Steven Chu;teacher
It is worth while too to warn the teacher that undue severity in correcting faults is liable at times to discourage a boy's mind from effort.;Quintilian;teacher
Charming women can true converts make, We love the precepts for the teacher's sake.;George Farquhar;teacher
You know, a football coach is nothing more than a teacher. You teach them the same subject, and you have a group of new guys every year.;Darrell Royal;teacher
I kind of fell backwards into acting. I was studying to be a high school teacher. I look now and I understand completely, or actually barely, how much work it is to be a teacher. It's an incredible amount of work.;Nathan Fillion;teacher
I was attending the University of Alberta. I was going to be a high school teacher, like my parents. I failed - no, I didn't fail a class, I just barely passed. I really didn't try. It was Canadian history, through the plays of the time. My God, those were boring plays.;Nathan Fillion;teacher
The second, and I think this is the much more overt and I think it is the main cause, I have been increasingly demonstrating or trying to demonstrate that every possible stance a critic, a scholar, a teacher can take towards a poem is itself inevitably and necessarily poetic.;Harold Bloom;teacher
When I left Europe in 1987 I did so with the thought that my relevance as a composition teacher would benefit from a certain cool distance to certain tendencies I had been observing for several years with increasing disquiet.;Brian Ferneyhough;teacher
NASA was going to pick a public school teacher to go into space, observe and make a journal about the space flight, and I am a teacher who always dreamed of going up into space.;Christa McAuliffe;teacher
I used to write things for friends. There was this girl I had a crush on, and she had a teacher she didn't like at school. I had a real crush on her, so almost every day I would write her a little short story where she would kill him in a different way.;Stephen Colbert;teacher
There is no real teacher who in practice does not believe in the existence of the soul, or in a magic that acts on it through speech.;Allan Bloom;teacher
I think the British people are very, very attached to the idea that the health service is free at the point of use. But there is no reason why every doctor, nurse and teacher in this country has to be employed by the state.;George Osborne;teacher
In the fourth grade, my history teacher gave us a project: Why was the auto industry located in Detroit, Michigan? I didn't know I was going to be an economist, but I knew I was going to do something that was involved in answering questions like that one because I thought that was a fascinating question.;Mark Zandi;teacher
No voice teacher can be all things to all people. You have to gain information from whatever sources you can. You have to listen.;Renee Fleming;teacher
I remember a moment when the Prince went back to his old school, Grammar School in Melbourne, and slightly to his horror his old music teacher produced a cello.;Anthony Holden;teacher
A friend of mine said, no matter what I do I always look like an English teacher. She actually said, you still look like a Campbell's Soup kid.;Kate Clinton;teacher
I was sent to a nice Church of England girls' school and at that time, after university, a woman was expected to become a teacher, a nurse or a missionary - prior to marriage.;Kate Adie;teacher
I love doing demonstrations. I think to be a great chef you have to be a great teacher. I love doing classes with people who love food and enjoy food, bringing them all around one table so to speak.;Michael Symon;teacher
It's the teacher that makes the difference, not the classroom.;Michael Morpurgo;teacher
I could never have pictured myself writing a book when I was 25 years old. My mom was an English teacher but I wasn't that way growing up.;Tony Dungy;teacher
You never know what's going to happen. My mother was an English teacher. If someone had told her that I was going to write a book, she would never have believed that. So you can never say never.;Tony Dungy;teacher
The American audience has really opened up to women being A.) funny and B.) kinda crude. 'Bridesmaids' is R-rated, and I think it was a major coup for women to have an R-rated comedy that did really well. Same as 'Bad Teacher.';Chris Pratt;teacher
America must be the teacher of democracy, not the advertiser of the consumer society. It is unrealistic for the rest of the world to reach the American living standard.;Mikhail Gorbachev;teacher
My duty as a teacher is to train, educate future programmers.;Niklaus Wirth;teacher
I want to thank my mum, my daddy, my coach, my teacher, everybody in my life.;Jet Li;teacher
I do readings at the public library. I just did a benefit scene night for my old acting teacher.;Mark Ruffalo;teacher
We love the precepts for the teacher's sake.;George Farquhar;teacher
It was my family that wanted me to be a teacher. That was safe, you see. To be a painter was terrible.;Josef Albers;teacher
I was a writer. I just wasn't a very good one. I was lucky enough to have a playwriting teacher who told me that I'd be a better actor than I would a playwright.;Liev Schreiber;teacher
My teacher, my great cello teacher Leonard Rose, was such a great cellist, and nurturing man, very patient. But I grew up not only admiring him, but obviously Casals, Rostrotovich, Jacqueline du Pre, and many others, including many of my peers and contemporaries.;Yo-Yo Ma;teacher
I think there are so many ways to become interested in music. I believe signs of sustained interest gives a sense of the right time. Music, if thought of as a language, would perhaps indicate that as early as possible is not so bad. I do believe that a really nurturing first teacher that makes the child love something is crucial.;Yo-Yo Ma;teacher
I was an elementary school teacher.;Luciano Pavarotti;teacher
I never wore a tie voluntarily, even though I was forced to wear one for photos when I was young and for official events at school. I used to wrap my tie in a newspaper, and whenever the teacher checked I would quickly put it on again. I'm not used to it. Most Bolivians don't wear ties.;Evo Morales;teacher
A teacher is never too smart to learn from his pupils. But while runners differ, basic principles never change. So it's a matter of fitting your current practices to fit the event and the individual. See, what's good for you might not be worth a darn for the next guy.;Bill Bowerman;teacher
I have always believed that 98% of a student's progress is due to his own efforts, and 2% to his teacher.;John Philip Sousa;teacher
But I think that any young drummer starting out today should get himself a great teacher and learn all there is to know about the instrument that he wants to play.;Buddy Rich;teacher
Poetry is a special use of language that opens onto the real. The business of the poet is truth telling, which is why in the Celtic tradition no one could be a teacher unless he or she was a poet.;Huston Smith;teacher
Literature is my life of course, but from an ontological point of view. From an existential point of view, I like being a teacher.;Antonio Tabucchi;teacher
No, I'm happy to go on living the life I've chosen. I'm a university teacher and I like my job.;Antonio Tabucchi;teacher
When I had my first voice lesson I was 15 years old. And I had a really good teacher. This is what made all the difference. A good teacher will teach you the technique, but also how to listen to your voice.;Cecilia Bartoli;teacher
I remember telling my creative writing teacher that you never want to have a journal, because if you lose it, then someone's going to know all your secrets. And then she stopped using a journal, but I always write everything down... Anytime I travel, I try and fill up notepads.;Garrett Hedlund;teacher
When I was a teacher, teachers would come into my classroom and admire my desk on which lay nothing whatever, whereas theirs were heaped with papers and books.;Norman MacCaig;teacher
But the fact is, no matter how good the teacher, how small the class, how focused on quality education the school may be none of this matters if we ignore the individual needs of our students.;Roy Barnes;teacher
I've never considered myself a celebrity or even part of the entertainment business. I'm a cooking teacher.;Martin Yan;teacher
I love kids, so two things that I have thought about are being a pediatrician or a kindergarten teacher.;Karlie Kloss;teacher
When you become a parent, or a teacher, you turn into a manager of this whole system. You become the person controlling the bubble of innocence around a child, regulating it.;Kazuo Ishiguro;teacher
In the ideal classroom, the teacher is either spending all of their time doing deep interventions with students on a one-on-one basis or facilitating true interactivity - labs, simulations, projects.;Salman Khan;teacher
When I started writing full time I had not long stopped being a teacher and when at last I had a full day to write, I would put music on and wonder to myself - am I allowed to do this? Then I thought: 'I am control of this and no one is telling me what I can do.';Roddy Doyle;teacher
I'm the son of an everyman. My father is a teacher. He teaches physics at a boys' school in Sydney.;Alex O'Loughlin;teacher
I had a great drama teacher in high school, and that's when I started to learn about the history of theater.;Elizabeth Olsen;teacher
I do a lot of work with the Dyslexia Institute because, for people with dyslexia who do not have parental support, it is a huge disadvantage. I was fortunate because my Mum was a teacher and she taught me to work hard.;Susan Hampshire;teacher
I want to be involved with young people in some way. Teenagers. Because that's the most vulnerable time. I have a fantasy of becoming a teacher one day.;Elisabeth Shue;teacher
From a very early age, my wife and I told our son that there are times and places for everything. I told him, look, when you're in class, you have to be quiet and listen to your teacher, but when you go out to the playground, you can scream and be silly.;Mark Hoppus;teacher
If you love dance and you have the gift of teaching, teaching is super amazing and important because my teachers planted that seed in me. As a teacher you understand the difference or the definition of a Baryshnikov or a Gregory Hines, so teaching is really important and very necessary.;Laurieann Gibson;teacher
All I wanted was to be a university teacher.;Jalal Talabani;teacher
I made my drama teacher cry. I only took drama to get out of writing papers in English and the teacher was this thespian Broadway geek and here I was this Italian guy from Staten Island and I would put her in tears.;Vinny Guadagnino;teacher
My younger sister had kids before I did, and managed to earn a master's degree while raising them as a single parent. Now she's a brilliant second-grade teacher. I'm in awe of her ability to juggle everything and still be a great mother.;Idina Menzel;teacher
When I was in the first grade I was afraid of the teacher and had a miserable time in the reading circle, a difficulty that was overcome by the loving patience of my second grade teacher. Even though I could read, I refused to do so.;Beverly Cleary;teacher
I think my parents were happy that I'd gone to university and gotten a degree in history so they thought, 'Well if acting doesn't work for him, he can always become a history teacher or something.' Fortunately, the acting worked out.;Derek Jacobi;teacher
Jesse Jackson is a leader and a teacher who can open our hearts and open our minds and stir our very souls.;Ann Richards;teacher
Well, financially it's a little bit better. But it's better than than when I was a teacher. But I kind of - it's allowed me to buy a house. And I've been able to help my mother with some stuff and my brother. So, that's nice.;Clay Aiken;teacher
But I was going to be a teacher my entire life, so I wasn't counting on money to much.;Clay Aiken;teacher
I hope that I serve by being a teacher.;Jenna Bush;teacher
As a teacher you can see the difference in kids who have parents who were involved. That difference, by the time these kids get to the third grade, is drastic.;Jenna Bush;teacher
In my teens, I developed a passionate idolatry for a teacher of English literature. I wanted to do something that he would approve of more, so I thought I should be some sort of a scholar.;Trevor Nunn;teacher
I was a hyper kid in school and the teacher suggested to my mom she needed to do something with me.;Devon Sawa;teacher
I was 20 years old, working as a roofer and a telemarketer and driving a taxi, just barely getting by. A friend of a friend suggested I try acting. I was like, 'Why? What am I going to do? Community theater?' But I took a class, and the teacher thought that I had potential, so I moved to Vancouver and started auditioning.;Cory Monteith;teacher
If you lock me in the room with a piano teacher for a year I might be able to knock out a rendition of 'Roll Out The Barrel,' but will I ever be a concert pianist? No.;Alan Sugar;teacher
If you become a teacher, by your pupils you'll be taught.;Oscar Hammerstein II;teacher
I was on Oprah's show recently talking about the people who impacted me the most. One was a teacher and one was my soccer coach. I didn't even go into my family, who had the most influence.;Andrew Shue;teacher
I'd never been a teacher before, and here I was starting my first day with these eager students. There was a shortage of teachers, and they had been without a math teacher for six months. They were so excited to learn math.;Andrew Shue;teacher
I went to a Catholic high school and it seemed like every time I drew something for a class project, it either got thrown away by the teacher or something.;Mike Judge;teacher
I don't learn so good, no matter how good the teacher is.;Warren Zevon;teacher
I would take William H. Macy as a teacher any day of the week. He's incredible. He's got a lot of hard-earned experience.;Skeet Ulrich;teacher
I feel so very grateful to have the voice God gave me. It takes a lot of rest and training to sing, and I was lucky that I found a great teacher when I first moved to New York.;Judy Collins;teacher
I'm sure that had I not been a coach, I would have been some form of a teacher.;John Madden;teacher
My mother was told she couldn't go to medical school because she was a woman and a Jew. So she became a teacher in the New York City public school system.;Marilyn Hacker;teacher
As a teacher you are more or less obliged to pay the same amount of attention to everything. That can wear you down.;Marilyn Hacker;teacher
I worked as a secretary, a waitress and a dance teacher - all in high school.;Jennie Garth;teacher
Usually, girls weren't encouraged to go to college and major in math and science. My high school calculus teacher, Ms. Paz Jensen, made math appealing and motivated me to continue studying it in college.;Ellen Ochoa;teacher
I had this wonderful career and thought I would retire as a teacher.;Tim Gunn;teacher
If you told me when I was a teen that I would end up being a teacher, I would have said you're out of your mind, because quite frankly I hated school.;Tim Gunn;teacher
Ask everyone whether they're an actor or a doctor or a teacher or whatever is entitled to his or her opinion. But unfortunately, because actors are in the public eye, whether we want it or not, sometimes our opinions carry more weight or influence than they deserve.;Debra Messing;teacher
When I was very, very young, seven years old, I heard there was school where you could go to learn to draw. That was my absolute driven passion, to become an artist or a painter. So the romantic realist in me, I studied to be a graphic design artist and an art teacher.;David Coverdale;teacher
My name is James Edward Franco. Ted is a nickname for Edward. That's what my parents called me. I also got 'Teddy Ruxpin' a lot. It just got to a point where I got sick of it, so when a teacher called out 'James Franco' my junior year of high school, I didn't correct her.;James Franco;teacher
I started the class late. The teacher said I would have to learn as much in half a year that the others learned in a year. I did it.;Katarina Witt;teacher
Writing became an obsessive compulsive habit but I had almost no money so I thought about being an urban firefighter and having lots of free time in which to write or becoming an English teacher and thinking about books and writers on a daily basis. That swayed me.;David Guterson;teacher
I could never have a better teacher in those days than my father.;Tony Visconti;teacher
My father still is a lawyer, and my mom was a teacher and then later a career counselor.;Steve Case;teacher
My dad remembers being in school with my uncle, and the teacher would say outright to the class that the Japanese were second-class citizens and shouldn't be trusted.;Mike Shinoda;teacher
Children are already accustomed to a world that moves faster and is more exciting than anything a teacher in front of a classroom can do.;Major Owens;teacher
We can not wait until we have enough trained people willing to work at a teacher's salary and under conditions imposed upon teachers in order to improve what happens in the classroom.;Major Owens;teacher
The office of the public teacher is an unenviable and thankless one.;Felix Adler;teacher
My grandmother was a teacher, my sister was a teacher, my daughter was a teacher and is now a superintendent in northern California, and my son-in-law is a high school principal. I am surrounded.;Loni Anderson;teacher
I had my heart set on becoming an English teacher, but stumbled into acting after meeting a theatrical agent in my dad's restaurant in San Diego.;Charisma Carpenter;teacher
My mother wanted to be a teacher when she was young, and my father didn't approve of it, so she fought very hard to become one. And she did it. So when I said I wanted to become an actress, my mother was very supportive. She always said to me, 'There's no such thing as 'can't.';Archie Panjabi;teacher
The two things I was positive about in life were that I was going to be a teacher at a boarding school or an operative with the CIA posted abroad. I could write a book about all the things I was sure about.;Tucker Carlson;teacher
My being a teacher had a decisive influence on making language and systems as simple as possible so that in my teaching, I could concentrate on the essential issues of programming rather than on details of language and notation.;Niklaus Wirth;teacher
The role of the teacher is to create the conditions for invention rather than provide ready-made knowledge.;Seymour Papert;teacher
My first career was as a coach and a teacher.;David Friedman;teacher
One of the most extraordinary things about being a spiritual teacher is the rare privilege of being able to look deeply into the very souls of many human beings at the same time.;Andrew Cohen;teacher
If you put down a list of jobs, doctor, lawyer, janitor, teacher or movie star, everybody would pick the movie star. And why? So you could lie around the pool, drink margaritas and send money to your parents. So that's what I did.;Steve Guttenberg;teacher
My father followed, during most of his life, the precarious occupation of a country school teacher.;Simon Newcomb;teacher
What we now call school training, the pursuit of fixed studies at stated hours under the constant guidance of a teacher, I could scarcely be said to have enjoyed.;Simon Newcomb;teacher
I remember the mentoring experiences of some teachers that I had, like a second term home room teacher in public school that really was very helpful to me.;Sanford I. Weill;teacher
My father's a preacher, my mother's a teacher, thus I rhyme.;Saul Williams;teacher
My father was a teacher, and there were teachers all around, his friends, they were working for the Government and their behaviour was within strictly limited areas.;C. L. R. James;teacher
Of all the hard jobs around, one of the hardest is being a good teacher.;Maggie Gallagher;teacher
I had a really creative teacher at primary school. He used to get us doing things such as singing Spandau Ballet in drag in the choir, and I remember loving it.;Dominic Cooper;teacher
I don't find acting to be a particularly noble way to make a living. I'm not saving anybody's life, I'm not a teacher, I'm not working for UNICEF. I don't think I'm some big deal.;Ellen Pompeo;teacher
I had a classic gym teacher in junior high who wore a weightlifter's belt all the time.;Danny McBride;teacher
You know, a lot of those angry sort of Southern man characters that I've been doing are based on different people I might've had as, like, a soccer coach or as a teacher.;Danny McBride;teacher
So what does a good teacher do? Create tension - but just the right amount.;Donald Norman;teacher
A father is a person who's around, participating in a child's life. He's a teacher who helps to guide and shape and mold that young person, someone for that young person to talk to, to share with, their ups and their downs, their fears and their concerns.;Michael Nutter;teacher
Find a good teacher, as I found for my sons. I feel the worst thing you can do is to try and teach your own children yourself, because there is a natural rebellion that occurs.;Keith Emerson;teacher
Mike Watt and I had the same teacher. Mr. Tanaka.;Krist Novoselic;teacher
You know, I loved math. My mom was a math teacher.;Joan Cusack;teacher
I wasn't originally taking drama, but the drama teacher asked me to audition for Bye, Bye Birdie. I did and got the lead role. Initially I was kind of scared, but once I did it I got bitten by the bug and loved it.;Kevin Richardson;teacher
My dad was a football player - a soccer player - for Manchester United, and I loved playing football, but I also happened to be the guy in class who was pretty good at sight reading. My teacher gave me scripts, and I was very comfortable.;Ian McShane;teacher
As a former high school teacher, I know that investing in education is one of the most important things we can do, not only for our children, but for the benefit of our whole community.;Ed Pastor;teacher
Before I got Doctor Who, I went to the Guildhall School of Music and Drama. I went back to take the final grade exam, which is the grade you have to take before you can take the teacher's diploma.;Sarah Sutton;teacher
My first acting job happened by accident when I was really young. I was in fifth grade and my teacher saw an ad in the paper and took me to the audition after school and I got the part.;Ajay Naidu;teacher
I was very studious, too much. I would never go out at weekends. I was very serious. You should have seen me in class - I was blushing and sweating every time the teacher asked me something.;Eva Green;teacher
My mother was a P.E. teacher, and she was kind of a fanatic about fitness and nutrition growing up, so it was ingrained in me at a young age. As I get older, I'm finding out it's not about getting all buffed up and looking good. It's more about staying healthy and flexible.;Josh Duhamel;teacher
I guess by taking lessons early on, and really trying to play all the rudimentary stuff, and try to have it sound as good as my teacher. It took a lot of practice, which I enjoyed, and still do.;Matt Cameron;teacher
My mother wanted me to be a teacher. She had this vision of me walking across the quadrangle in an Oxford college wearing my academic gown.;Simon Callow;teacher
I always wanted to be a teacher.;Nicky Hilton;teacher
I had a teacher in art school who said something about the only works he really enjoyed seeing or found much in were works where he had a sense that a discovery was made in the course of making this object. I like to hold to that as my marching orders.;Martin Mull;teacher
People can look to me as a teacher, but I consider myself a student of hip-hop.;Doug E. Fresh;teacher
I was born in Corpus Christi, Texas, the youngest of four girls, including my oldest sister, Lisa, who has special needs. My mom was a special education teacher, and my dad worked on the Army base. We weren't wealthy, but we were determined to succeed.;Eva Longoria;teacher
I didn't want to be the archetypal sponging brother-in-law, so I didn't go into acting when I got to the States. I thought, 'No, I'll go to school and then I'll be an English teacher that'll be fun.' But I was horrible as a teacher. As hard as I tried, I just couldn't inspire those kids to take an interest in Milton and Shakespeare and Donne.;John Mahoney;teacher
There is a shortage of teachers but the January 2001 schools census showed that teacher numbers were at their highest level than at any time since 1984 - and 11,000 higher than 1997.;Estelle Morris;teacher
It was difficult being a teacher and out of the closet in the '50s. By the time I retired, the English department was proud of having a gay poet of a certain minor fame. It was a very satisfactory change!;Thom Gunn;teacher
My old teacher's definition of poetry is an attempt to understand.;Thom Gunn;teacher
The fact of the matter is that when there are feelings involved and you like someone, it doesn't matter if you're an actor, a teacher, a doctor, a lawyer, a receptionist - you can't really help it when you have feelings for someone.;Jessica Szohr;teacher
I wasn't a very good teacher.;Amos Lee;teacher
I decided at age 9, but I was reinforced at age 13 when a teacher told me I had talent. I can't say she really motivated me because I already knew. I knew I had talent. I went to the Jewish community theater and got in plays there. Then I went for the movies.';Richard Dreyfuss;teacher
If I wasn't an actor, I'd be a teacher, a history teacher. After all, teaching is very much like performing. A teacher is an actor, in a way. It takes a great deal to get, and hold, a class.;Richard Dreyfuss;teacher
Time is a great teacher, but unfortunately it kills all its pupils.;Hector Berlioz;teacher
When I went to college, my goal was to be a college history teacher. I majored in history.;George J. Mitchell;teacher
I wasn't a ballet baby. My first dance class was in an outdoor pavilion when I was three. It was called 'creative movement.' The teacher gave us chiffon scarves in beautiful colors. She turned on some music and said, 'Now go dance.' So for me, dance has always been about self-expression.;Carrie Ann Inaba;teacher
I've always written. When I was in school, the only teacher who ever liked me was my creative writing teacher. I used to enter poetry competitions, and I don't think I ever lost one. So I had the idea for a while of being some kind of poet.;Justin Townes Earle;teacher
Well, the teacher I studied with for nineteen and a half years was a man named Paul Gavert. He was a great lieder singer, so basically I'm a trained lieder singer because of that teacher. The teacher I currently study with - since 1995 - is Joan Lader, who also studied with Gavert.;Betty Buckley;teacher
For one thing, I teach my students what my teacher for twenty years, Paul Gavert, told me, 'The voice follows... the voice follows everything about you... who you are.';Betty Buckley;teacher
As a former teacher and a mother and grandmother, I know firsthand the importance of a quality education.;Sue Kelly;teacher
And I found out, the other part of it is that I found out and in my desire to life successfully, that baseball fit very well into my life. It's been a great teacher, trainer, mentor and you'll see what I mean in the next few minutes that I have to speak.;Dave Winfield;teacher
As a student I learned from wonderful teachers and ever since then I've thought everyone is a teacher.;Bill Moyers;teacher
Then I heard this genius teacher Stella Adler - I recommend you read anything you might find about her and if you have anyone interested in theatre, you get them one of her books.;Harvey Keitel;teacher
The main thing I am interested in is my experience as a teacher.;Frank McCourt;teacher
I first decided to become an actor at school. A teacher gave us a play to do and that had a major impact. At first, I wanted to work in the theatre, but there was something about the ambience of film, especially American films, that always attracted me.;Jean Reno;teacher
Although I am basically self taught, I consider Debussy my teacher - the most important elements are colour, light and shadow.;Toru Takemitsu;teacher
The message of music was also the first thing what I learned from my first teacher. She was an organist too and she was very devoted to what she played, so she had a respect for every piece and she felt that she is not allowed to add something of her own.;Kurt Masur;teacher
I started studying music at the age of five and a half. My older sister was taking piano lessons. When her teacher left our apartment, I would get up on the piano bench and start picking out the notes that were part of my sister's lessons.;Marvin Hamlisch;teacher
There is no recipe to be a great teacher, that's what is unique about them.;Robert Sternberg;teacher
What is it in you that brings you to a spiritual teacher in the first place? It's not the spirit in you, since that is already enlightened, and has no need to seek. No, it is the ego in you that brings you to a teacher.;Ken Wilber;teacher
Ironically, for a few million people in the Far East, I did become an English teacher through my music.;Pat Boone;teacher
I was a teacher for a long time. I taught at a community college: voice, theory, humanities. And nowadays, music education is a dying thing. Funding is being cut more and more and more.;Jon Secada;teacher
I had an art teacher who's the reason I got there in high school who encouraged me to go to Alabama. That's where she had gone and kept raving over their art department.;Sela Ward;teacher
When I was writing 'The Abstinence Teacher,' I really tried to immerse myself in contemporary American evangelical culture.;Tom Perrotta;teacher
I wanted to be an English teacher. I wanted to do it for the corduroy jackets with patches on the side. When I got to college, as I was walking across campus one day, I ripped off a little flyer for this sketch-comedy group. It ended up being one of the greatest things I've ever done.;John Krasinski;teacher
The Sunday School teacher talked too much in the way our grade school teacher used to when she told us about George Washington. Pleasant, pretty stories, but not true.;Frances Farmer;teacher
The processes of teaching the child that everything cannot be as he wills it are apt to be painful both to him and to his teacher.;Anne Sullivan Macy;teacher
I need a teacher quite as much as Helen. I know the education of this child will be the distinguishing event of my life, if I have the brains and perseverance to accomplish it.;Anne Sullivan Macy;teacher
When I graduated from high school, the teacher said I was throwing my life away following music, and the same teacher invited me back to speak at the school. I don't say that to brag, I just want to be an example.;Big Sean;teacher
I spent most of my high school years on movie sets and I'd have like one teacher, which was really bad.;Devon Sawa;teacher
I took an acting class. After the first day, the teacher quit, so they said take another. When I saw 'How to be a Stand-up Comedian,' it resonated. I realized I'd rather make 200 people laugh than make one person cry.;Wendy Liebman;teacher
I'm home schooled, and I have a teacher that goes with me on all my movies.;Dakota Fanning;teacher
Cultural dominance of middle-class norms prevail in middle-class schools with a teacher teaching toward those standards and with students striving to maintain those standards.;James S. Coleman;teacher
There was a teacher who recognized that I was interested in cartooning and he was great.;Jonathan Shapiro;teacher
If you're a doctor or a lawyer or teacher, if you only get three things right out of 10, you're considered a failure.;Jamie Moyer;teacher
I got into acting because my teachers kept nudging me into it. The power a teacher has to influence someone is so great. I can't think of a profession I have more respect for.;Jon Hamm;teacher
There happened to be guitar classes at the college, and there was a guitar teacher there with whom I used to play. In addition, I also would go out into country schools and teach little kids basic guitar and singing a few times a week.;Mark Knopfler;teacher
But the idea that I should be a teacher and a researcher of some sort did not vary over the years.;Amartya Sen;teacher
As a teacher myself I've been in situations where parents come at you, and sometimes parents come across like the teacher doesn't want the best for their kid and it can be really, really hurtful.;Rosalind Wiseman;teacher
When my opera Plump Jack was performed in 1989, my first piano teacher sent me something that I'd composed when I was four. I remember I played it, and it still sounded like me. I'm the same composer I was then.;Gordon Getty;teacher
I don't have a lot of skills, but one thing I can do is, I can compartmentalize. I can make that a little world that I can go back to, so I can be a waitress, or I can be a teacher, and then go and work on my book.;Dana Spiotta;teacher
I count myself well educated, for the admirable woman at the head of the school which I attended from the age of four and a half till I was thirteen and a half, was a born teacher in advance of her own times.;Catherine Helen Spence;teacher
Following my junior year in high school, I went on a camping trip through Russia in a group led by Horst Momber, a young language teacher from Roosevelt.;Peter Agre;teacher
My first public impression was my French teacher, Derek Swift.;Rory Bremner;teacher
I had a great drama teacher, and he sort of made out drama school as this incredibly difficult thing to get into: 6,000 people apply every year, and some of the schools only have 12 places. It's a phenomenally difficult thing to get into. And that excited me - I wanted that challenge.;Jeremy Irvine;teacher
I had a teacher, he was 86 years old and his name was Luigi in New York City, and he said, 'Never stop moving. You get to reinvent yourself.' So you have to find ways to reinventing yourself. Especially today, because it's a whole different market - social media is so important.;Ben Vereen;teacher
The teacher of history's work should be, ideally, not simply a description of past cultures, but a performance of the culture in which we live and are increasingly taking our being.;William Irwin Thompson;teacher
I feel really good in the teacher role.;Jimmy Chamberlin;teacher
I do think we know that a teacher who knows what he or she is doing, knows their subject matter, and knows how to impart knowledge to kids is a critical piece of closing the achievement gap.;Margaret Spellings;teacher
The answer, of course, in the mouth of a Christian teacher is that in Christianity alone is there both present joy and future hope.;Mary Augusta Ward;teacher
A teacher enlarges people in all sorts of ways besides just his subject matter.;Wallace Stegner;teacher
I was very inspired by my mother. She was a vocal teacher and sang in a band, and my first memories of her were going out with her on the local circuit.;Daryl Hall;teacher
When a music teacher that I had at school was taken ill and we had a variety show and I had to fill in - that's when I realized I had a voice.;Lily Allen;teacher
If you improve a teacher's self-esteem, confidence, communication skills or stress levels, you improve that teacher's overall effectiveness across the curriculum.;Elaine MacDonald;teacher
My father was a writer and an acting teacher.;Noah Hathaway;teacher
I wanted to become a kindergarten teacher like my mother.;Ziyi Zhang;teacher
I'm sure any vocal teacher that listens to me would rather cut my throat than do anything - I do everything all wrong - but I think for me that's the best - because I don't think I have a voice so I think what I project would be style - if I learned to sing I'd lose my style.;Julie London;teacher
I wanted to be a ballet teacher.;Jaclyn Smith;teacher
Both my grandmothers had upright pianos, and I just knew how to play since I was a child. Nobody taught me. I sounded like a grown-up, and then I learned how to read music. I played so well by ear I could fool the teacher to believe I could play the notes. She'd make the mistake of playing the song once, and I could play it.;Valerie Simpson;teacher
I had one companion. He was a teacher from the Ukraine who spoke English so we could communicate a bit. I learnt a few Russian words, but it was hard to concentrate.;Mathias Rust;teacher
I enjoyed school - although I ran away on the first day. I'd reminded the teacher that it was nearly time for 'Watch With Mother' on TV.;Paul O'Grady;teacher
My primary school teacher once poured a bottle of curdled school milk forcefully down my throat. Then I threw it up all over her suede shoes. I'd rather have drunk from the spittoon in Barney's barber shop.;Paul O'Grady;teacher
I think it is most important for a teacher to play the pieces and studies that are being played by the student.;James Galway;teacher
My second grade teacher told me I would never graduate high school. That I was going to be a juvenile delinquent.;Miles Teller;teacher
First play I ever did was 'Footloose.' I played the part of Willard when I was 16. I think I wore my drama teacher's jeans and her belt - that's how small I was. I know a lot of Willard's back story from the musical that's not explored in the film. Like he's got this whole relationship with his mama, and he sings this song 'Mama Says.';Miles Teller;teacher
I got into acting my junior year of high school. We got a new hot drama teacher and I was like 'Alright, I'll try drama.';Miles Teller;teacher
I love films that make me react emotionally and physically when you walk out of the cinema. Two of my favorite films however have got to be 'The Tree Of Life' and 'The Piano Teacher,' which also stars one of my favourite actresses Isabelle Huppert.;Alicia Vikander;teacher
I studied with a blind teacher from about 5 until I was 16, at two different schools. From the age of 12 until 16, I was in a boarding school-which, I believe, at that time was compulsory for blind children.;George Shearing;teacher
Dad worked his entire career as an aviation technician. Mom was a legal secretary who became a teacher. We lived a simple American life.;Brian Sandoval;teacher
I had a great movement teacher - he showed me how to walk so I wasn't becoming like a cartoon.;John Leguizamo;teacher
I went whole hog at the actor's lifestyle - really embraced it. I had by then known how much I loved acting already, because I discovered acting from a teacher in the seminary - that's the first place I ever did it, in the seminary.;Peter Jurasik;teacher
I lived in a town of 400 until I was like nine or ten. My dad coached all the sports - he was a gym teacher and health teacher for grades K-12.;January Jones;teacher
If it wasn't for my drama teacher, I wouldn't be here right now.;Kel Mitchell;teacher
I got started when I was 3 years old because my father was a music teacher and my lessons were free. Instead of learning to walk, you learn to play the piano.;Carla Bley;teacher
When you are studying jazz, the best thing to do is listen to records or listen to live music. It isn't as though you go to a teacher. You just listen as much as you can and absorb everything.;Carla Bley;teacher
It's cool for me because I'm a director, but I'm also a teacher. I'm a lover of cinema, and I love working with people who are hungry and have the energy to really do better work.;John Singleton;teacher
I was strongly encouraged by a science teacher who took an interest in me and presented me with a key to the laboratory to allow me to work whenever I wanted.;Frederick Reines;teacher
Every child grows everything depends on the teacher.;Shinichi Suzuki;teacher
Encouragement from my high school teacher Patty Hart said 'you need to focus and theater might be your route out of here.' I created the program, went to college and graduate school and now here I am.;Jeffrey Donovan;teacher
Art owes its origin to Nature herself... this beautiful creation, the world, supplied the first model, while the original teacher was that divine intelligence which has not only made us superior to the other animals, but like God Himself, if I may venture to say it.;Giorgio Vasari;teacher
I taught in a small teacher's college for three or four years, at which point all the administrators got a pay raise and the teaching faculty didn't.;David Eddings;teacher
In the depth of the near depression, that he faced when he came in, Barack Obama and Democratic leaders in Congress provided 'recovery funds' that literally kept our classrooms open. Two years ago, these funds saved nearly 20,000 teacher and education jobs - just here in North Carolina.;Jim Hunt;teacher
My acting teacher used to say that people reveal themselves in their opposites.;Kristin Bauer van Straten;teacher
I grew up singing. My mother was a music teacher.;Connie Britton;teacher
Yes, I was actually an acting teacher for a while.;Alanna Ubach;teacher
You really have to be a morning person if you want to be a teacher.;Alanna Ubach;teacher
Thus, the standard library will serve as both a tool and as a teacher.;Bjarne Stroustrup;teacher
That's a big deal for kids, when they come into the kitchen and the teacher is drinking coffee with mom. They react differently on the next day when you say: 'Sit down and shut-up!';Ed O'Neill;teacher
My painting teacher in high school used to say, 'I can't paint like I want to, but through practice I'll get better.' But I don't think that's true. I think sometimes you just can't paint.;Ellie Kemper;teacher
After this, I took private lessons in Italian from an elementary school teacher. He gave me themes to write about, and some of them turned out so well that he told me to publish them in a newspaper.;Grazia Deledda;teacher
Writing, I'm convinced, should be a subversive activity - frowned on by the authorities - and not one cooed over and praised beyond common sense by some teacher.;Dan Simmons;teacher
I loved almost everything about being a teacher, but I was an unusual teacher.;Dan Simmons;teacher
I want to clear up a few myths about myself. People have written that I was a kindergarten teacher and a former Miss Texas, and neither is true.;Krista Allen;teacher
My dad was a high school teacher and made no money.;Billy Baldwin;teacher
When I started out back in Louisville, there was Harry Collins. He was my first teacher. He saw that I was so obsessed with magic that he taught me the love of magic.;Lance Burton;teacher
I always think about which blood drive was going on in Georgia that day when that husband or mom or school teacher rolled up their sleeve and actually gave me a second chance at life. It's the ultimate gift of life, and I'm the one who was on the other end.;Niki Taylor;teacher
I was terrified of being a teacher. To stand in front of a classroom, the responsibility is boggling. Imagine! Standing in front of people!;John Glover;teacher
My mother was an actress and my voice teacher, an incredible voice teacher. My biological father is an actor, and my stepfather, who raised me along with my mother, is a psychotherapist. I was always supported in creative ventures.;Laura Benanti;teacher
In high school, I was Mr. Choir Boy. I had solos, I was helping out the tenors with their parts and our choir teacher would ask me what songs we should do.;Lucas Grabeel;teacher
There is no education system in the world - none at all - that's better than its average teacher.;David Puttnam;teacher
Without any doubt at all, teacher quality is the fundamental differentiator. Not just, incidentally, of education, but I would argue, probably the biggest single differentiator of success for the nations of the 21st Century.;David Puttnam;teacher
I've been a teacher at the college level, in composition mostly, and I've been an editor on magazines.;Jane Haddam;teacher
I felt like I was a teacher. But nowadays, I am as much a student of his. He writes a lot of what we play.;Gary Burton;teacher
My mother was an English teacher who decided to become a math teacher, and she used me as a guinea pig at home. My father had been a math teacher and then went to work at a steel mill because, frankly, he could make more money doing that.;Freeman A. Hrabowski III;teacher
He was very commanding, and you had to know what you were doing to work for Mr. Rogers. I learned how to ride very quickly with him as my riding teacher.;Glenn Ford;teacher
I think eventually I want to become a teacher, like my father wanted to be, and hopefully positively influence the next generation.;Ann Curry;teacher
My mother was a teacher, my father was a community organizer. I come from a working class background.;Chris Hayes;teacher
It's quite hard to have your mom as a teacher - it's like, she's not necessarily a 'real teacher' for me. But she'd always teach me to really hear the music, and develop my ear, and to try and hear the harmonics of the piano.;Birdy;teacher
If I had a personal wish for the new ideas in this new book it would be that every parent, every counselor, every teacher, every professor, every sports coach that deals with young people would understand the three circle concept.;James Collins;teacher
In the case of my book, I don't think it's really the coming-out gay novel that everyone really needed, even though it was received as such. The boy is too creepy, he betrays his teacher, the only adult man with whom he's enjoyed a sexual experience, etc.;Edmund White;teacher
Quite honestly I never had a desire to be an actor. I tell people, I did not choose acting acting chose me. I never grew up wanting to be an actor. I wanted to play football. In about 9th grade an English teacher told me I had a talent to act. He said I should audition for a performing arts high school so I did on a whim. I got accepted.;Ving Rhames;teacher
I went to a college in New York called New Paltz. I studied theater there for four years. I also studied privately in NYC with a teacher named Robert X. Modica.;Aida Turturro;teacher
Jackson went from the professor's chair to the officer's saddle. He carried with him the very elements of character which made him odious as a teacher but I never saw him in an arbitrary mood.;Daniel H. Hill;teacher
I'm just not a natural teacher.;David Benioff;teacher
A master can tell you what he expects of you. A teacher, though, awakens your own expectations.;Patricia Neal;teacher
I didn't have a teacher like Sister Mary Ignatius.;Christopher Durang;teacher
I reached a time in college when I didn't know what I wanted to do. At that time, women's careers were essentially nursing, secretarial and teaching. My mother advised me to get my teacher's certificate.;Kay Granger;teacher
As the daughter of a schoolteacher, I feel very strongly that the most important thing in school takes place right there in that classroom, and the interaction between the teacher and the child.;Kerry Healey;teacher
My father also happened to be an intellectual, as learned, literate, informed, and curious as anyone I have known. Unobtrusively and casually, he was my wise and gentle teacher.;James Tobin;teacher
My major was Fine Arts and Education thinking I would become an Art Teacher. I couldn't visualize myself as an art teacher, thinking how it wouldn't work.;Mark Mothersbaugh;teacher
I played saxophone, so I was into jazz. I learned from each audience and each teacher that I had. I can't really tell you any rules or anything, but the way I develop my beliefs is really just by personally learning from different situations.;Chad Hugo;teacher
One of the things I've always liked about my husband is he's very good at lots of stuff. He was an English teacher when I met him. He wrote poetry and played the guitar. As time went on, he decided to go into economics, so he's very analytical and mathematical in addition to his artsy side.;Ally Condie;teacher
When I was in fourth grade... this wonderful teacher said you didn't have to write a book report, you could just talk about the book, you could do a drawing of the book, you could write a play inspired by the book, and that's what I did. I got to be so famous. I had to go around to every school and perform it. It was just so natural and fun.;Didi Conn;teacher
I was born in Norway, and when I was little I went to live in Detroit, Michigan. My father was a professor of philosophy at Wayne University, and my mother was also a teacher.;Marta Kristen;teacher
My father was a schoolteacher and my mother came from a teacher's family.;Simon van der Meer;teacher
I had one drama teacher who was amazing, Ms. Perkins. She really tried to inspire me and get me going.;Carlos Pena, Jr.;teacher
When I was about 13 or 14, I had an English teacher who made a deal with me that I could get out of doing all of the year's regular work if I would write a short story a week and on Friday read it to the class.;Victor Salva;teacher
That is a secondary teacher conception - the writer as an observer.;Peter Bichsel;teacher
Once I accomplish one thing and I'm satisfied, I try something else. I may be 50 and doing something totally outside of music and acting. Maybe I'll become a kindergarten teacher.;Kid Cudi;teacher
I do home schooling. I went to regular school until fifth grade, and then I started doing home schooling, which it's completely different. I have a teacher on set with me and I just work with her, one-on-one.;Miranda Cosgrove;teacher
I watch too much cable, I admit. Day after day it gets frustrating. Yesterday I watched as someone called legislation to prevent teacher layoffs a bailout - but I know that's not a view held by many, nor were the views I was frustrated about.;Robert Gibbs;teacher
I took Spanish in high school and I didn't do too well in it. My Spanish teacher told me not to go on with Spanish anymore, so I was discouraged a little bit.;Tyler Posey;teacher
Golf is about knowledge, and studying another player - more than listening to a teacher - is the best way to get it.;Vijay Singh;teacher
The teacher that I was for decades, and that I still am in a certain way, wondered what was meant by the word education. I was truly dumbfounded at the very thought of dealing with such an essential and extensive subject.;Abdoulaye Wade;teacher
We're understanding what Obama is. He is the great teacher. He is this guy that stands above everybody. There's some condescension in it, but he stands above everybody and says, 'Now, listen. You people have to stop blaming each other unreasonably. You have to get along here and I am going to show you the way.' It is a pretty brave role in many ways.;Evan Thomas;teacher
Far from wishing to awaken the artist in the pupil prematurely, the teacher considers it his first task to make him a skilled artisan with sovereign control of his craft.;Eugen Herrigel;teacher
I have good relationships with Hillary Clinton, Joseph Biden and especially Richard Holbrooke - he is my teacher. I learned a lot of great things from him.;Mikheil Saakashvili;teacher
I am a teacher, and I am proud of it. At Cornell University I have taught primarily undergraduates, and indeed almost every year since 1966 have taught first-year general chemistry.;Roald Hoffmann;teacher
I stopped and gazed on the little dull man who was being paid to be a teacher of teachers. I turned and walked to the door, slammed it closed with a bang, and broken glass crashed to the floor. There was uproar behind me in the class, which did not interest me at all.;Burl Ives;teacher
When I was a child I used to read books by Gerald Durrell, who founded Jersey Zoo. He had a job collecting animals for zoos and for a long time that is what I wanted to do. Later when I was a teenager I had a fantastic English teacher called Mrs. Stafford. Her enthusiasm made me decide to be a writer.;Melvin Burgess;teacher
The teacher who would be true to his mission and accomplish the most good, must give prominence to moral as well as intellectual instruction.;Sheldon Jackson;teacher
Adele Adkins' retro-soul debut, '19', was striking less for her songs than for that voice: a voluptuous, slightly parched alto that swooped and fluttered like a Dusty Springfield student trying to upstage her teacher, or at least update the rules.;Will Hermes;teacher
At the age of 15, a teacher had asked me what I wanted to do for a career, and without knowing why or even how I replied that I wanted to be a poet.;Ama Ata Aidoo;teacher
My mum is a school teacher and my dad is an electrician.;Jai Courtney;teacher
I've been acting my whole life. I have this huge imagination! I'm a dancer and my mom's a dance teacher, and I was always performing and entertaining people. I'd go to see live theatre or a movie, and I'd become the main character for a few days afterwards. I loved being somebody new for a temporary amount of time.;Natasha Calis;teacher
To make the moral achievement implicit in science a source of strength to civilization, the scientist will have to have the cooperation also of the philosopher and the religious teacher.;Arthur Holly Compton;teacher
My mother, a teacher, encouraged me to use my creativity as an actual way to make a living, and my father, a Mississippi physician, did two things. First, he taught me that all human beings should be treated equally because no one is better than anyone else, and he never pressured me to become a doctor.;Greg Iles;teacher
The role of the teacher remains the highest calling of a free people. To the teacher, America entrusts her most precious resource, her children and asks that they be prepared... to face the rigors of individual participation in a democratic society.;Shirley Hufstedler;teacher
A wisely chosen illustration is almost essential to fasten the truth upon the ordinary mind, and no teacher can afford to neglect this part of his preparation.;Howard Crosby;teacher
It is commonly said that a teacher fails if he has not been surpassed by his students. There has been no failure on our part in this regard considering how far they have gone.;Edmond H. Fischer;teacher
I went to school at this log school house. A white woman was my teacher, I do not remember her name. My father had to pay her one dollar a month for me. Us kids that went to school did not have desks, we used slates and set on the hued down logs for seats.;Joe Davis;teacher
I was in three academic clubs, a huge book worm and the teacher's pet. I was kind of an easy target for bullies.;Nicole Anderson;teacher
Everyone will tell you how rigid I am, but a teacher has to be flexible. You can't cut the student to your cloth you have to cut yourself to theirs.;Jeanine Basinger;teacher
If we can teach a teacher we can reach more people.;Richard Stengel;teacher
If you don't have a teacher you can't have a disciple.;Dallas Willard;teacher
Our government is the potent, the omnipresent teacher. For good or ill it teaches the whole people by its example.;Timothy McVeigh;teacher
It has become appallingly obvious that our technology has exceeded our humanity.;Albert Einstein;technology
The typewriting machine, when played with expression, is no more annoying than the piano when played by a sister or near relation.;Oscar Wilde;technology
Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic.;Arthur C. Clarke;technology
The world is very different now. For man holds in his mortal hands the power to abolish all forms of human poverty, and all forms of human life.;John F. Kennedy;technology
I am sorry to say that there is too much point to the wisecrack that life is extinct on other planets because their scientists were more advanced than ours.;John F. Kennedy;technology
The first rule of any technology used in a business is that automation applied to an efficient operation will magnify the efficiency. The second is that automation applied to an inefficient operation will magnify the inefficiency.;Bill Gates;technology
Technology is just a tool. In terms of getting the kids working together and motivating them, the teacher is the most important.;Bill Gates;technology
Men have become the tools of their tools.;Henry David Thoreau;technology
One machine can do the work of fifty ordinary men. No machine can do the work of one extraordinary man.;Elbert Hubbard;technology
Everybody gets so much information all day long that they lose their common sense.;Gertrude Stein;technology
Technological progress has merely provided us with more efficient means for going backwards.;Aldous Huxley;technology
People who are really serious about software should make their own hardware.;Alan Kay;technology
All of the books in the world contain no more information than is broadcast as video in a single large American city in a single year. Not all bits have equal value.;Carl Sagan;technology
The march of science and technology does not imply growing intellectual complexity in the lives of most people. It often means the opposite.;Thomas Sowell;technology
We've arranged a civilization in which most crucial elements profoundly depend on science and technology.;Carl Sagan;technology
Bill Gates is a very rich man today... and do you want to know why? The answer is one word: versions.;Dave Barry;technology
Telephone, n. An invention of the devil which abrogates some of the advantages of making a disagreeable person keep his distance.;Ambrose Bierce;technology
Getting information off the Internet is like taking a drink from a fire hydrant.;Mitchell Kapor;technology
Inventor: A person who makes an ingenious arrangement of wheels, levers and springs, and believes it civilization.;Ambrose Bierce;technology
Soon silence will have passed into legend. Man has turned his back on silence. Day after day he invents machines and devices that increase noise and distract humanity from the essence of life, contemplation, meditation.;Jean Arp;technology
Making duplicate copies and computer printouts of things no one wanted even one of in the first place is giving America a new sense of purpose.;Andy Rooney;technology
Globalization, as defined by rich people like us, is a very nice thing... you are talking about the Internet, you are talking about cell phones, you are talking about computers. This doesn't affect two-thirds of the people of the world.;Jimmy Carter;technology
The Internet is the most important single development in the history of human communication since the invention of call waiting.;Dave Barry;technology
Do you realize if it weren't for Edison we'd be watching TV by candlelight?;Al Boliska;technology
The machine does not isolate man from the great problems of nature but plunges him more deeply into them.;Antoine de Saint-Exupery;technology
Civilization advances by extending the number of important operations which we can perform without thinking of them.;Alfred North Whitehead;technology
Cyberspace. A consensual hallucination experienced daily by billions of legitimate operators, in every nation, by children being taught mathematical concepts.;William Gibson;technology
If it keeps up, man will atrophy all his limbs but the push-button finger.;Frank Lloyd Wright;technology
For a successful technology, reality must take precedence over public relations, for Nature cannot be fooled.;Richard P. Feynman;technology
The Internet treats censorship as a malfunction and routes around it.;John Perry Barlow;technology
Technology is a gift of God. After the gift of life it is perhaps the greatest of God's gifts. It is the mother of civilizations, of arts and of sciences.;Freeman Dyson;technology
What the country needs are a few labor-making inventions.;Arnold H. Glasow;technology
The newest computer can merely compound, at speed, the oldest problem in the relations between human beings, and in the end the communicator will be confronted with the old problem, of what to say and how to say it.;Edward R. Murrow;technology
Humanity is acquiring all the right technology for all the wrong reasons.;R. Buckminster Fuller;technology
Television is a medium because anything well done is rare.;Fred Allen;technology
The real problem is not whether machines think but whether men do.;B. F. Skinner;technology
Champagne, if you are seeking the truth, is better than a lie detector. It encourages a man to be expansive, even reckless, while lie detectors are only a challenge to tell lies successfully.;Graham Greene;technology
Technology is making gestures precise and brutal, and with them men.;Theodor Adorno;technology
It is questionable if all the mechanical inventions yet made have lightened the day's toil of any human being.;John Stuart Mill;technology
I just invent, then wait until man comes around to needing what I've invented.;R. Buckminster Fuller;technology
Technology is so much fun but we can drown in our technology. The fog of information can drive out knowledge.;Daniel J. Boorstin;technology
The internet is a great way to get on the net.;Bob Dole;technology
The protean nature of the computer is such that it can act like a machine or like a language to be shaped and exploited.;Alan Kay;technology
For my confirmation, I didn't get a watch and my first pair of long pants, like most Lutheran boys. I got a telescope. My mother thought it would make the best gift.;Wernher von Braun;technology
Microsoft isn't evil, they just make really crappy operating systems.;Linus Torvalds;technology
If we continue to develop our technology without wisdom or prudence, our servant may prove to be our executioner.;Omar N. Bradley;technology
There are three roads to ruin women, gambling and technicians. The most pleasant is with women, the quickest is with gambling, but the surest is with technicians.;Georges Pompidou;technology
Our technological powers increase, but the side effects and potential hazards also escalate.;Alvin Toffler;technology
People are stunned to hear that one company has data files on 185 million Americans.;Ralph Nader;technology
Defect-free software does not exist.;Wietse Venema;technology
Congress will pass a law restricting public comment on the Internet to individuals who have spent a minimum of one hour actually accomplishing a specific task while on line.;Andy Grove;technology
Building technical systems involves a lot of hard work and specialized knowledge: languages and protocols, coding and debugging, testing and refactoring.;Jesse James Garrett;technology
Doing linear scans over an associative array is like trying to club someone to death with a loaded Uzi.;Larry Wall;technology
Real programmers can write assembly code in any language.;Larry Wall;technology
You affect the world by what you browse.;Tim Berners-Lee;technology
In software systems it is often the early bird that makes the worm.;Alan Perlis;technology
The Internet is a telephone system that's gotten uppity.;Clifford Stoll;technology
Technology has to be invented or adopted.;Jared Diamond;technology
Building one space station for everyone was and is insane: we should have built a dozen.;Larry Niven;technology
What new technology does is create new opportunities to do a job that customers want done.;Tim O'Reilly;technology
We are the children of a technological age. We have found streamlined ways of doing much of our routine work. Printing is no longer the only way of reproducing books. Reading them, however, has not changed.;Lawrence Clark Powell;technology
Tweeting is like sending out cool telegrams to your friends once a week.;Tom Hanks;technology
The Linux philosophy is 'Laugh in the face of danger'. Oops. Wrong One. 'Do it yourself'. Yes, that's it.;Linus Torvalds;technology
It may not always be profitable at first for businesses to be online, but it is certainly going to be unprofitable not to be online.;Esther Dyson;technology
It's impossible to move, to live, to operate at any level without leaving traces, bits, seemingly meaningless fragments of personal information.;William Gibson;technology
Just as we could have rode into the sunset, along came the Internet, and it tripled the significance of the PC.;Andy Grove;technology
Technology... is a queer thing. It brings you great gifts with one hand, and it stabs you in the back with the other.;Carrie P. Snow;technology
I think complexity is mostly sort of crummy stuff that is there because it's too expensive to change the interface.;Jaron Lanier;technology
Style used to be an interaction between the human soul and tools that were limiting. In the digital era, it will have to come from the soul alone.;Jaron Lanier;technology
I want people to use Perl. I want to be a positive ingredient of the world and make my American history. So, whatever it takes to give away my software and get it used, that's great.;Larry Wall;technology
Sites need to be able to interact in one single, universal space.;Tim Berners-Lee;technology
The Web as I envisaged it, we have not seen it yet. The future is still so much bigger than the past.;Tim Berners-Lee;technology
I have an almost religious zeal... not for technology per se, but for the Internet which is for me, the nervous system of mother Earth, which I see as a living creature, linking up.;Dan Millman;technology
The telephone is a 100-year-old technology. It's time for a change. Charging for phone calls is something you did last century.;Niklas Zennstrom;technology
I think it is inevitable that people program poorly. Training will not substantially help matters. We have to learn to live with it.;Alan Perlis;technology
Technology is the knack of so arranging the world that we don't have to experience it.;Max Frisch;technology
We will create a civilization of the Mind in Cyberspace. May it be more humane and fair than the world your governments have made before.;John Perry Barlow;technology
Relying on the government to protect your privacy is like asking a peeping tom to install your window blinds.;John Perry Barlow;technology
The 'Net is a waste of time, and that's exactly what's right about it.;William Gibson;technology
Leaders have to act more quickly today. The pressure comes much faster.;Andy Grove;technology
What's sort of interesting about the whole public relations disaster that is the Net, in some ways, is that the fundamentals are really good.;Meg Whitman;technology
We're still in the first minutes of the first day of the Internet revolution.;Scott Cook;technology
Microsoft is engaging in unlawful predatory practices that go well beyond the scope of fair competition.;Orrin Hatch;technology
The system of nature, of which man is a part, tends to be self-balancing, self-adjusting, self-cleansing. Not so with technology.;E. F. Schumacher;technology
Gates is the ultimate programming machine. He believes everything can be defined, examined, reduced to essentials, and rearranged into a logical sequence that will achieve a particular goal.;Stewart Alsop;technology
I used to think that cyberspace was fifty years away. What I thought was fifty years away, was only ten years away. And what I thought was ten years away... it was already here. I just wasn't aware of it yet.;Bruce Sterling;technology
We need a data network that can easily carry voice, instead of what we have today, a voice network struggling to carry data.;Reed Hundt;technology
I think people have a vague sense that the television system is changing.;Michael K. Powell;technology
The Internet is so big, so powerful and pointless that for some people it is a complete substitute for life.;Andrew Brown;technology
It is only when they go wrong that machines remind you how powerful they are.;Clive James;technology
The only thing that I'd rather own than Windows is English, because then I could charge you two hundred and forty-nine dollars for the right to speak it.;Scott McNealy;technology
The most important and urgent problems of the technology of today are no longer the satisfactions of the primary needs or of archetypal wishes, but the reparation of the evils and damages by the technology of yesterday.;Dennis Gabor;technology
The research rat of the future allows experimentation without manipulation of the real world. This is the cutting edge of modeling technology.;John Spencer;technology
While the rest of the world has been improving technology, Ghana has been improving the quality of man's humanity to man.;Maya Angelou;technology
We have also arranged things so that almost no one understands science and technology. This is a prescription for disaster. We might get away with it for a while, but sooner or later this combustible mixture of ignorance and power is going to blow up in our faces.;Carl Sagan;technology
Technology is nothing. What's important is that you have a faith in people, that they're basically good and smart, and if you give them tools, they'll do wonderful things with them.;Steve Jobs;technology
We live in a society exquisitely dependent on science and technology, in which hardly anyone knows anything about science and technology.;Carl Sagan;technology
If GM had kept up with technology like the computer industry has, we would all be driving $25 cars that got 1,000 MPG.;Bill Gates;technology
Information technology and business are becoming inextricably interwoven. I don't think anybody can talk meaningfully about one without the talking about the other.;Bill Gates;technology
I'm sorry, it's true. Having children really changes your view on these things. We're born, we live for a brief instant, and we die. It's been happening for a long time. Technology is not changing it much - if at all.;Steve Jobs;technology
I think it's brought the world a lot closer together, and will continue to do that. There are downsides to everything there are unintended consequences to everything. The most corrosive piece of technology that I've ever seen is called television - but then, again, television, at its best, is magnificent.;Steve Jobs;technology
I've always wanted to own and control the primary technology in everything we do.;Steve Jobs;technology
It's not a faith in technology. It's faith in people.;Steve Jobs;technology
The over-all point is that new technology will not necessarily replace old technology, but it will date it. By definition. Eventually, it will replace it. But it's like people who had black-and-white TVs when color came out. They eventually decided whether or not the new technology was worth the investment.;Steve Jobs;technology
So let's not use a stylus. We're going to use the best pointing device in the world. We're going to use a pointing device that we're all born with - born with ten of them. We're going to use our fingers. We're going to touch this with our fingers. And we have invented a new technology called multi-touch, which is phenomenal. It works like magic.;Steve Jobs;technology
With our technology, with objects, literally three people in a garage can blow away what 200 people at Microsoft can do. Literally can blow it away. Corporate America has a need that is so huge and can save them so much money, or make them so much money, or cost them so much money if they miss it, that they are going to fuel the object revolution.;Steve Jobs;technology
Why are we, as a nation so obsessed with foreign things? Is it a legacy of our colonial years? We want foreign television sets. We want foreign shirts. We want foreign technology. Why this obsession with everything imported?;Abdul Kalam;technology
Capitalist production, therefore, develops technology, and the combining together of various processes into a social whole, only by sapping the original sources of all wealth - the soil and the labourer.;Karl Marx;technology
The advance of technology is based on making it fit in so that you don't really even notice it, so it's part of everyday life.;Bill Gates;technology
If future generations are to remember us more with gratitude than sorrow, we must achieve more than just the miracles of technology. We must also leave them a glimpse of the world as it was created, not just as it looked when we got through with it.;Lyndon B. Johnson;technology
We humans are an extremely important manifestation of the replication bomb, because it is through us - through our brains, our symbolic culture and our technology - that the explosion may proceed to the next stage and reverberate through deep space.;Richard Dawkins;technology
The new information technology... Internet and e-mail... have practically eliminated the physical costs of communications.;Peter Drucker;technology
The Massachusetts Institute of Technology accepts blacks in the top ten percent of students, but at MIT this puts them in the bottom ten percent of the class.;Thomas Sowell;technology
Technology is destructive only in the hands of people who do not realize that they are one and the same process as the universe.;Alan Watts;technology
Technology has advanced more in the last thirty years than in the previous two thousand. The exponential increase in advancement will only continue. Anthropological Commentary The opposite of a trivial truth is false the opposite of a great truth is also true.;Niels Bohr;technology
The medium is the message. This is merely to say that the personal and social consequences of any medium - that is, of any extension of ourselves - result from the new scale that is introduced into our affairs by each extension of ourselves, or by any new technology.;Marshall McLuhan;technology
The humanists' replacement for religion: work really hard and somehow you'll either save yourself or you'll be immortal. Of course, that's a total joke, and our progress is nothing. There may be progress in technology but there's no ethical progress whatsoever.;David Bowie;technology
I think we are living in selfish times. I'm the first one to say that I'm the most selfish. We live in the so-called 'first world,' and we may be first in a lot of things like technology, but we are behind in empathy.;Javier Bardem;technology
Everything is fraught with danger. I love technology and I love science. It's just always all in the way you use it. So there's no - you can't really blame anything on the technology. It's just the way people use it, and it always has been.;Steve Martin;technology
What troubles me is the Internet and the electronic technology revolution. Shyness is fueled in part by so many people spending huge amounts of time alone, isolated on e-mail, in chat rooms, which reduces their face-to-face contact with other people.;Philip Zimbardo;technology
Piecemeal social engineering resembles physical engineering in regarding the ends as beyond the province of technology.;Karl Popper;technology
I've always felt that technology can be used to our benefit and should be used to our benefit.;Deepak Chopra;technology
To make a rock'n'roll record, technology is the least important thing.;Keith Richards;technology
Technology favors horrible people.;Doug Coupland;technology
As technology advances, it reverses the characteristics of every situation again and again. The age of automation is going to be the age of 'do it yourself.';Marshall McLuhan;technology
It's a fact that more people watch television and get their information that way than read books. I find new technology and new ways of communication very exciting and would like to do more in this field.;Stephen Covey;technology
The art challenges the technology, and the technology inspires the art.;John Lasseter;technology
I love technology.;William Shatner;technology
Despite all our gains in technology, product innovation and world markets, most people are not thriving in the organizations they work for.;Stephen Covey;technology
Ronald Reagan said that he sought a Star Wars defense only in order to share the technology with the tyrants of the U.S.S.R.;Christopher Hitchens;technology
You know, I thought we could use a good myth about technology to help guide us through these particular modern waters right now.;Jeff Bridges;technology
Science and technology revolutionize our lives, but memory, tradition and myth frame our response.;Arthur M. Schlesinger;technology
There's nothing wrong with technology. It's when technology is the story and not the artist, that's the problem.;Billy Corgan;technology
The spoken word was the first technology by which man was able to let go of his environment in order to grasp it in a new way.;Marshall McLuhan;technology
Technology is anything that wasn't around when you were born.;Alan Kay;technology
Technology is such a broad kind of term, it really applies to so many things, from the electric light to running cars on oil. All of these different things can be called technology. I have kind of a love-hate relationship with it, as I expect most people do. With the computer, I spend so many hours sitting in front of a computer.;Jeff Bridges;technology
You used to have to sing and convey emotion, and now, well, technically you can do anything with technology. It sucks for music today, but that's why that old music feels so good to me.;Christina Aguilera;technology
You can't really imagine music without technology.;Brian Eno;technology
Technology will definitely solve all our problems, but in the process it will create brand new ones. But that's O.K. because the most you can expect from life is to get to solve better and better problems.;Scott Adams;technology
Social media is not about the exploitation of technology but service to community.;Simon Mainwaring;technology
It is the framework which changes with each new technology and not just the picture within the frame.;Marshall McLuhan;technology
Normally, I love to go to the movies and when I see a character portrayed by different actors at different ages, it kind of pops a little bit for me. It brings me out of the movie experience. Now we have the technology to cure that.;Jeff Bridges;technology
It's hard to pay attention these days because of multiple affects of the information technology nowadays. You tend to develop a faster, speedier mind, but I don't think it's necessarily broader or smarter.;Robert Redford;technology
We have more media than ever and more technology in our lives. It's supposed to help us communicate, but it has the opposite effect of isolating us.;Tracy Chapman;technology
If that's there, I believe that technology will probably step up to their part of it.;Neil Armstrong;technology
I'm very good with technology, I always have been, and with machines in general. They seem not threatening like other people find them, but a source of fun and amusement.;Brian Eno;technology
I'm always interested in what you can do with technology that people haven't thought of doing yet.;Brian Eno;technology
You'd think that in this age, especially in the 21st century - especially with all the technology and all the discoveries that we've made - that we would figure out how to tackle abuse.;Tori Amos;technology
Not since the digital revolution in the early '90s has technology placed such a comprehensive burden on business, employees and individuals to reinvent their business plans, services and products, and themselves to keep pace with the changing marketplace.;Simon Mainwaring;technology
Saddam Hussein has been engaged in the development of weapons of mass destruction technology which is a threat to countries in the region and he has made a mockery of the weapons inspection process.;Nancy Pelosi;technology
I go and see anything that's visually new, any technology that's about picture-making. The technology won't make the pictures different, but someone using it will.;David Hockney;technology
Technology is teaching us to be human again.;Simon Mainwaring;technology
Like all technology, social media is neutral but is best put to work in the service of building a better world.;Simon Mainwaring;technology
Non-profits must become deeply engaged in the ways that their donor communities are using social technology.;Simon Mainwaring;technology
Find the human in the technology. The currency marketers trade in has not changed even if the methods have. Emotion is what we exchange.;Simon Mainwaring;technology
The creative destruction that social media is currently unleashing will change more than technology or the leader board of the Fortune 100. It is driving a qualitative shift in the nature of relationships between brands and their customers.;Simon Mainwaring;technology
Social technology gives leaders a vital new platform with which to connect their companies to the myriad stakeholders who have an interest in their well being.;Simon Mainwaring;technology
Refuse to accept the belief that your professional relevance, career success or financial security turns on the next update on the latest technology. Sometimes it's good to put the paddle down and just let the canoe glide.;Simon Mainwaring;technology
Let's hope brands recognize that the true power of this technology is not its reach but its ability to communicate substance that adds meaning to our lives. Otherwise, brands will be investing in technology that consumers simply won't buy.;Simon Mainwaring;technology
I don't believe that government is good at picking technology, particularly technology that is changing. By the time you get it done and go through democracy, it's so outdated.;Michael Bloomberg;technology
There are so many ways to heal. Arrogance may have a place in technology, but not in healing. I need to get out of my own way if I am to heal.;Anne Wilson Schaef;technology
Any new technology tends to go through a 25-year adoption cycle.;Marc Andreessen;technology
Film is a very young art that is still evolving. Soon, we shall reach a balance between content and technology.;Catherine Deneuve;technology
Sometimes I'm dazzled by how modern and fabulous we are, and how easy everything can be for us that's the gilded glow of technology, and I marvel at it all the time.;Susan Orlean;technology
We're getting so pulled in by computers and technology, and our kids have their face in the computers all day. The human relationship is being diminished by this.;Lenny Kravitz;technology
There are no morals about technology at all. Technology expands our ways of thinking about things, expands our ways of doing things. If we're bad people we use technology for bad purposes and if we're good people we use it for good purposes.;Herbert Simon;technology
I hate to mention age, but I come from an era when we weren't consumed by technology and television.;Jimmy Buffett;technology
If you wanna know how not secure you are, just take a look around. Nothing's secure. Nothing's safe. I don't hate technology, I don't hate hackers, because that's just what comes with it, without those hackers we wouldn't solve the problems we need to solve, especially security.;Fred Durst;technology
Mythology and science both extend the scope of human beings. Like science and technology, mythology, as we shall see, is not about opting out of this world, but about enabling us to live more intensely within it.;Karen Armstrong;technology
I consulted a Chinese herbalist and spent two weeks on an island off the coast of Zanzibar. I was away from any kind of contemporary technology.;Francesca Annis;technology
The basis of our partnership strategy and our partnership approach: We build the social technology. They provide the music.;Mark Zuckerberg;technology
There is a huge need and a huge opportunity to get everyone in the world connected, to give everyone a voice and to help transform society for the future. The scale of the technology and infrastructure that must be built is unprecedented, and we believe this is the most important problem we can focus on.;Mark Zuckerberg;technology
Cinema reflects culture and there is no harm in adapting technology, but not at the cost of losing your originality.;Jackie Chan;technology
Don't underestimate questions from the crowd technology has made voters more informed than ever.;Ron Fournier;technology
Many people see technology as the problem behind the so-called digital divide. Others see it as the solution. Technology is neither. It must operate in conjunction with business, economic, political and social system.;Carly Fiorina;technology
I managed Hewlett Packard through the worst technology downturn in 25 years, the dotcom bust.;Carly Fiorina;technology
You know, I believe that technology is the great leveler. Technology permits anybody to play. And in some ways, I think technology - it's not only a great tool for democratization, but it's a great tool for eliminating prejudice and advancing meritocracies.;Carly Fiorina;technology
You can find lots of people like you through technology, and women in particular like communities.;Carly Fiorina;technology
In today's knowledge-based economy, what you earn depends on what you learn. Jobs in the information technology sector, for example, pay 85 percent more than the private sector average.;William J. Clinton;technology
Today's stock market actually hates technology, as shown by all-time low price/earnings ratios for major public technology companies.;Marc Andreessen;technology
An awful lot of successful technology companies ended up being in a slightly different market than they started out in.;Marc Andreessen;technology
Technology is like water it wants to find its level. So if you hook up your computer to a billion other computers, it just makes sense that a tremendous share of the resources you want to use - not only text or media but processing power too - will be located remotely.;Marc Andreessen;technology
You are cruising along, and then technology changes. You have to adapt.;Marc Andreessen;technology
There is an enormous market demand for information. It just has to be fulfilled in a way that fits with the technology of our times.;Marc Andreessen;technology
I love what the Valley does. I love company building. I love startups. I love technology companies. I love new technology. I love this process of invention. Being able to participate in that as a founder and a product creator, or as an investor or a board member, I just find that hugely satisfying.;Marc Andreessen;technology
Quantum computation is... a distinctively new way of harnessing nature... It will be the first technology that allows useful tasks to be performed in collaboration between parallel universes.;David Deutsch;technology
I'm equally guilty of using technology - I Twitter, I text people, I chat. But I think there's something strangely insidious about it that it makes us think we're closer when in fact we're not seeing each other, we're not connecting.;Jason Reitman;technology
Roman civilization had achieved, within the bounds of its technology, relatively as great a mastery of time and space as we have achieved today.;Arthur Erickson;technology
The science of today is the technology of tomorrow.;Edward Teller;technology
There's no question that as science, knowledge and technology advance, that we will attempt to do more significant things. And there's no question that we will always have to temper those things with ethics.;Benjamin Carson;technology
I love technology, and I don't think it's something that should divide along gender lines.;Marissa Mayer;technology
What the world needs is a small, compact, flexible fusion technology that could make electricity where and when it is needed. The existing fusion program is leading to a huge source of centralized power, at a price that nobody except a government can afford.;Freeman Dyson;technology
The reason is that till date, in spite of advances in information technology and strategies of information, the written word in the form of books still remains one of humanity's most enduring legacies.;Ibrahim Babangida;technology
With the world's human population now at seven billion and growing, and the demand for technology and modern conveniences increasing, we can't control all our negative impacts. But we have to find better ways to live within the limits nature and its cycles impose.;David Suzuki;technology
I won't compare ants and people, but ants give us a useful model of how single members of a community can become so organized that they end up resembling, in effect, one big collective brain. Our own exploding population and communication technology are leading us that way.;Lewis Thomas;technology
Half of Google's revenue comes from selling text-based ads that are placed near search results and are related to the topic of the search. Another half of its revenues come from licensing its search technology to companies like Yahoo.;Eric Schmidt;technology
The world dominion of western thought, forms of organisation, technology and military force is not God-given, nor eternal, nor greatly appreciated by the rest of the world.;James Buchan;technology
We're in a new world. We're in a world in which the possibility of terrorism, married up with technology, could make us very, very sorry that we didn't act.;Condoleezza Rice;technology
The most important thing we can do is inspire young minds and to advance the kind of science, math and technology education that will help youngsters take us to the next phase of space travel.;John Glenn;technology
Some people think technology has the answers.;Kevin Mitnick;technology
I got so passionate about technology. Hacking to me was like a video game. It was about getting trophies. I just kept going on and on, despite all the trouble I was getting into, because I was hooked.;Kevin Mitnick;technology
I do know a lot about Scientology. And I know about the practices. I know all about what the technology is and all that kind of stuff. It's very helpful.;Jennifer Lopez;technology
If we can reduce the cost and improve the quality of medical technology through advances in nanotechnology, we can more widely address the medical conditions that are prevalent and reduce the level of human suffering.;Ralph Merkle;technology
Focus on your music and not technology.;Bryan Adams;technology
Technology is neutral: It convicts and finds innocents. We must make it a regularized part of the system, giving defendants access to DNA testing and evidence whenever it might be relevant.;Eliot Spitzer;technology
I wanted to make sure that this be the first scientific and technology revolution in history in which the public thoroughly discussed all the potential benefits and all the potential harms, in advance of the technology coming online and running its course.;Jeremy Rifkin;technology
Science and technology multiply around us. To an increasing extent they dictate the languages in which we speak and think. Either we use those languages, or we remain mute.;J. G. Ballard;technology
We need to make sure that there's art in the school. Why? Why should art be in the school? Because if art isn't in a school, then a guy like Steve Jobs doesn't get a chance to really express himself because in order for art to meet technology, you need art.;LL Cool J;technology
Technology feeds on itself. Technology makes more technology possible.;Alvin Toffler;technology
I don't hate technology, I don't hate hackers, because that's just what comes with it, without those hackers we wouldn't solve the problems we need to solve, especially security.;Fred Durst;technology
Technology gives us power, but it does not and cannot tell us how to use that power. Thanks to technology, we can instantly communicate across the world, but it still doesn't help us know what to say.;Jonathan Sacks;technology
Which European leader today would not relish the wonder-working powers of a Moses? Budget deficit? Unpopular cuts? How about just a little miracle, an overnight increase in gold reserves, a new oil field, or the next world-changing communications technology? Surely that's not too much to ask.;Jonathan Sacks;technology
I have a better internal and intuitive understanding of folklore and myth than science and technology, so in that way fantasy is easier.;Sarah Zettel;technology
Movie-making is telling a story with the best technology at your disposal.;Tom Hanks;technology
If Apple's a technology company in the music industry, why can't somebody in the music industry make technology?;will.i.am;technology
You know, I do music. If you look under the hood of the industry I'm in, it's all based on technology. From radio to phonographs to CDs, it's all technology. Microphones, reel-to-reels, cameras, editing, chips, it's all technology.;will.i.am;technology
As we develop and get quicker with technology in America, it's like we're downgrading if you look at the investment in education... that's the thing that worries me.;will.i.am;technology
We all rely on technology to communicate, to survive, to do our banking, to shop, to get informed, but none of us knows how to read and write the code.;will.i.am;technology
Disco is the first technology music. And what I mean is that 'disco' music is named after discs, because when technology grew to where they didn't need a band in the clubs, the DJ played it on a disc.;will.i.am;technology
The great thing that guys like Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg and the Google guys have in common is they treat their technology like it's art, and I suppose in the hands of virtuosos like them, it is.;Harvey Weinstein;technology
Advances in the technology of telecommunications have proved an unambiguous threat to totalitarian regimes everywhere.;Rupert Murdoch;technology
I don't particularly enjoy watching films in 3D because I think that a well-shot and well-projected film has a very three-dimensional quality to it, so I'm somewhat sceptical of the technology.;Christopher Nolan;technology
The further you get into technology, the further you go into gaming. That's the general rule.;Nick Johnson;technology
Don't let that weapon technology proliferate. Don't let Saddam Hussein get capability for nuclear or chemical weapons, because he's already shown a willingness to use any weapon at his disposal.;John Sununu;technology
It worries me about our unwillingness to really address reforms and modernization in Medicare. This thing was designed 37 years ago. It has not evolved to keep pace with current medical technology.;John Sununu;technology
This is technology that will not go away. And to risk it moving into the hands of a terrorist group like al Qaeda or to other focused enemies of the United States, would have tragic consequences.;John Sununu;technology
When we're talking about technology that involves weapons of mass destruction, nuclear, chemical or biological weapons, there has to be an element of preemption.;John Sununu;technology
The Internet will win because it is relentless. Like a cannibal, it even turns on it own. Though early portals like Prodigy and AOL once benefited from their first-mover status, competitors surpassed them as technology and consumer preferences changed.;John Sununu;technology
Countries across the world are taking action now to help them track paedophiles and terrorists who abuse new technology to plot their horrific crimes.;Theresa May;technology
Furthermore, we believe that health care reform, again I said at the beginning of my remarks, that we sent the three pillars that the President's economic stabilization and job creation initiatives were education and innovation - innovation begins in the classroom - clean energy and climate, addressing the climate issues in an innovative way to keep us number one and competitive in the world with the new technology, and the third, first among equals I may say, is health care, health insurance reform.;Nancy Pelosi;technology
A company can spend hundreds of thousands of dollars on firewalls, intrusion detection systems and encryption and other security technologies, but if an attacker can call one trusted person within the company, and that person complies, and if the attacker gets in, then all that money spent on technology is essentially wasted.;Kevin Mitnick;technology
Everyone has a right to a university degree in America, even if it's in Hamburger Technology.;Clive James;technology
It reflects a prevailing myth that production technology is no more amenable to human judgment or social interests than the laws of thermodynamics, atomic structure or biological inheritance.;Barry Commoner;technology
In Israel, a land lacking in natural resources, we learned to appreciate our greatest national advantage: our minds. Through creativity and innovation, we transformed barren deserts into flourishing fields and pioneered new frontiers in science and technology.;Shimon Peres;technology
People live longer today than they ever have. They live happier lives, have more knowledge, more information. All this is the result of communications technology. How is any of that bad?;Tom Clancy;technology
I'd like people to be educated on the voting machines, making sure that our democracy isn't being hijacked by computer technology. There's no reason there can't be a paper trail on those machines.;Eddie Vedder;technology
Personal technology has given us the freedom of being able to do whatever we want - and in the case of celebrities and athletes, whomever they want. But it can also serve as a humiliation jetpack.;Sloane Crosley;technology
Advertisers are not thinking radically enough - they look for technology to lead instead of trying the neuroscience approach and thinking about what parts of the brain haven't been activated before. These new experiences bring new capabilities to the brain.;Jaron Lanier;technology
I always wanted to work with Michael Jackson. His music will live forever and with technology nowadays... maybe I could.;Jordin Sparks;technology
The wonderful thing about Apple technology is just how intuitive it is.;James Dyson;technology
If you really want to improve technology, if you want things to work better and be better, you've got to protect the person who spends a lot of effort, money, and time developing that new technology.;James Dyson;technology
So I think the winners in recession are the people who produce new technology that does things better, which people really want.;James Dyson;technology
The way the world is going, it's technology driven. And it isn't just driven by the old super powers, it's driven by the far east and new emerging economies.;James Dyson;technology
I'm not into politics but I am committed to a cause: ensuring design technology and engineering stays on the U.K. curriculum, alongside science and maths - grounding abstract theory, merging the practical with the academic.;James Dyson;technology
Design and technology should be the subject where mathematical brainboxes and science whizzkids turn their bright ideas into useful products.;James Dyson;technology
I believe that we were not as effective in the second term dealing with this issue of nuclear none proliferation as we had been during the first term when we stripped Libya and Iraq and A.Q. Khan and their capacity to proliferate nuclear technology.;Dick Cheney;technology
Police departments no longer have to pay overtime or divert resources from other projects to find out where an individual goes - all they have to do is place a tracking device on someone's car or ask a cell phone company for that individual's location history and the technology does the work for them.;Ron Wyden;technology
It has been claimed at times that our modern age of technology facilitates dictatorship.;Henry A. Wallace;technology
The great growling engine of change - technology.;Alvin Toffler;technology
Really in technology, it's about the people, getting the best people, retaining them, nurturing a creative environment and helping to find a way to innovate.;Marissa Mayer;technology
Product management really is the fusion between technology, what engineers do - and the business side.;Marissa Mayer;technology
In the industrial revolution Britain led the world in advances that enabled mass production: trade exchanges, transportation, factory technology and new skills needed for the new industrialised world.;Lucy Powell;technology
Lucky individuals in each generation find technology appropriate to their needs.;Freeman Dyson;technology
What we see today is an American economy that has boomed because of policies and developments of the 1950s and '60s: the interstate-highway system, massive funding for science and technology, a public-education system that was the envy of the world and generous immigration policies.;Fareed Zakaria;technology
It is also rarer to find happiness in a man surrounded by the miracles of technology than among people living in the desert of the jungle and who by the standards set by our society would be considered destitute and out of touch.;Thor Heyerdahl;technology
In a way, film and television are in the same sort of traumatic trance that print journalism is. The technology has outpaced our comprehension of its implications.;Tony Kushner;technology
We are led by lawyers who do not understand either technology or balance sheets.;Thomas Friedman;technology
I'm very into science-fantasy, that kind of swordfights and magic and technology thing.;Gary Numan;technology
The world has changed - through technology, through wine-making techniques, the quality of wine is greater than it's ever been. Whereas ten, fifteen years ago it was very easy to find lots of bad wine, it's kind of hard now. The technology, the science - it's like, are you kidding? We're in the golden years of wine!;Gary Vaynerchuk;technology
Creative people are notoriously the slowest to adopt new technology.;Robert Rodriguez;technology
In some cases, inventions prohibit innovation because we're so caught up in playing with the technology, we forget about the fact that it was supposed to be important.;Dean Kamen;technology
New ideas in technology are literally a dime-a-dozen, or cheaper than that.;Dean Kamen;technology
Everybody has to be able to participate in a future that they want to live for. That's what technology can do.;Dean Kamen;technology
Today mythical thinking has fallen into disrepute we often dismiss it as irrational and self-indulgent. But the imagination is also the faculty that has enabled scientists to bring new knowledge to light and to invent technology that has made us immeasurably more effective.;Karen Armstrong;technology
I love the idea of anthropomorphizing machines. I love the idea of taking technology and giving it a personality.;J. J. Abrams;technology
For the blue-collar worker, the driving force behind change was factory automation using programmable machine tools. For the office worker, it's office automation using computer technology: enterprise-resource-planning systems, groupware, intranets, extranets, expert systems, the Web, and e-commerce.;Tom Peters;technology
America has the best doctors, the best nurses, the best hospitals, the best medical technology, the best medical breakthrough medicines in the world. There is absolutely no reason we should not have in this country the best health care in the world.;Bill Frist;technology
But, in each case, as a filmmaker who's been given sizable budgets with which to work, I feel a responsibility to the audience to be shooting with the absolute highest quality technology that I can and make the film in a way that I want.;Christopher Nolan;technology
For the last 10 years, I've felt increasing pressure to stop shooting film and start shooting video, but I've never understood why. It's cheaper to work on film, it's far better looking, it's the technology that's been known and understood for a hundred years, and it's extremely reliable.;Christopher Nolan;technology
Technology has allowed us to have more drought-resistant crops. The spotty nature of drought, the spotty nature of rains can sometimes result in better yields than anticipated.;Tom Vilsack;technology
I was one of the first authors to have an active website. I'm totally obsessed with technology. I'm always looking for ways to connect with my readers. I answer all my fan mail.;Jodi Picoult;technology
I understood the importance in principle of public key cryptography but it's all moved much faster than I expected. I did not expect it to be a mainstay of advanced communications technology.;Whitfield Diffie;technology
Advances in technology will continue to reach far into every sector of our economy. Future job and economic growth in industry, defense, transportation, agriculture, health care, and life sciences is directly related to scientific advancement.;Christopher Bond;technology
The computer offers another kind of creativity. You cannot ignore the creativity that computer technology can bring. But you need to be able to move between those two different worlds.;Tadao Ando;technology
If you think technology can solve your security problems, then you don't understand the problems and you don't understand the technology.;Bruce Schneier;technology
The number one benefit of information technology is that it empowers people to do what they want to do. It lets people be creative. It lets people be productive. It lets people learn things they didn't think they could learn before, and so in a sense it is all about potential.;Steve Ballmer;technology
Technology has a shadow side. It accounts for real progress in medicine, but has also hurt it in many ways, making it more impersonal, expensive and dangerous. The false belief that a safety net of sophisticated drugs and machines stretches below us, permitting risky or lazy lifestyle choices, has undermined our spirit of self-reliance.;Andrew Weil;technology
World War II had a very important impact on the development of technology, as a whole.;Barry Commoner;technology
We live in a media world simultaneously obsessed with technology and personality.;Eric Alterman;technology
There was a time when nails were high-tech. There was a time when people had to be told how to use a telephone. Technology is just a tool. People use tools to improve their lives.;Tom Clancy;technology
Instead, in the absence of respect for human rights, science and its offspring technology have been used in this century as brutal instruments for oppression.;John Charles Polanyi;technology
We are already producing enough food to feed the world. We already have technology in place that allows us to produce more than we can find a market for.;Jeremy Rifkin;technology
What the public needs to understand is that these new technologies, especially in recombinant DNA technology, allow scientists to bypass biological boundaries altogether.;Jeremy Rifkin;technology
People try to treat technology as an object, and it can't be. It can only be a channel.;Jaron Lanier;technology
What does it mean to not be alone? I've approached that question through music, technology, writing and other means.;Jaron Lanier;technology
Technologists provide tools that can improve people's lives. But I want to be clear that I don't think technology by itself improves people's lives, since often I'm criticized for being too pro-technology. Unless there's commensurate ethical and moral improvements to go along with it, it's for naught.;Jaron Lanier;technology
If we allow our self-congratulatory adoration of technology to distract us from our own contact with each other, then somehow the original agenda has been lost.;Jaron Lanier;technology
I feel drawn to experiment with ways that technology can interact with notions of intimacy, because so much of technology is done in a way that's very cold and has such an opposite effect.;Jaron Lanier;technology
It is impossible to work in information technology without also engaging in social engineering.;Jaron Lanier;technology
In fact when you combine stem cell technology with the technology known as tissue engineering you can actually grow up entire organs, so as you suggest that sometime in the future you get in an auto accident and lose your kidney, we'd simply take a few skin cells and grow you up a new kidney. In fact this has already been done.;Robert Lanza;technology
In terms of the technology I use the most, it's probably a tie between my Blackberry and my MacBook Pro laptop. That's how I communicate with the rest of the world and how I handle all the business I have to handle.;John Legend;technology
The most I ever spent on technology is building a studio - I built one at home in Los Angeles. I can't tell you how much exactly, but the whole process is very expensive.;John Legend;technology
The most important thing about technology is that it can seamlessly work its way into your routine and your life.;John Legend;technology
I love the modern technology now.;Ringo Starr;technology
If science fiction is the mythology of modern technology, then its myth is tragic.;Ursula K. Le Guin;technology
We're seeing how the videos translate to the live shows and how the technology is really reaching kids.;Willie Aames;technology
You can be good at technology and like fashion and art. You can be good at technology and be a jock. You can be good at technology and be a mom. You can do it your way, on your terms.;Marissa Mayer;technology
I definitely think what drives technology companies is the people because in a technology company it's always about what are you going to do next.;Marissa Mayer;technology
If mankind were to continue in other than the present barbarism, a new path must be found, a new civilization based on some other method than technology.;Clifford D. Simak;technology
Today, the technology is there to give early and normally ample warning when a powerful tornado approaches. When a tornado strikes, all of us are at risk.;Spencer Bachus;technology
With all the technology we're inventing and what they're coming up with scientifically, people are having longer lifetimes. It's scary, but in the same sense it's also very exciting.;Brittany Murphy;technology
A variety of national and international studies indicate that the broad-based deployment of information technology can have a substantial impact on our nation's economic productivity and growth as well as the educational and social success of our citizens.;Tim Holden;technology
What I love about new technology is that it really pushes the art. It really pushes it in a way that you can't imagine until you come up with the idea. It's idea-based. You can do anything.;Robert Rodriguez;technology
I want to push technology boundaries to be more efficient.;Robert Rodriguez;technology
I am told that there have been over the years a number of experiments taking place in places like Massachusetts Institute of Technology that have been entirely based on concepts raised by Star Trek.;Patrick Stewart;technology
Look, the media are trapped by changes in the technology and business of their industry.;David Frum;technology
I don't find the technology threatening. A lot of people my age, my generation, find it difficult to immerse themselves. But I would never preclude the idea of using any technology if I thought it suited the end result.;Robert Smith;technology
Civilization has given us enormous successes: going to the moon, technology. But then this is the civilisation that took us to debt, environmental crisis, every single crisis. We need a civilization where we say goodbye to these things.;Muhammad Yunus;technology
And I have lived since - as you have - in a period of cold war, during which we have ensured by our achievements in the science and technology of destruction that a third act in this tragedy of war will result in the peace of extinction.;Lester B. Pearson;technology
During the past few decades, modern technology, with radio, TV, air travel, and satellites, has woven a network of communication which puts each part of the world in to almost instant contact with all the other parts.;David Bohm;technology
With millions of family wage manufacturing jobs lost since 2001, we need an energy bill that takes bold action to tap into American ingenuity in order to lead the world in new clean energy technology, rather than playing catch-up to the Japanese, Danish, and Germans.;Jay Inslee;technology
Many people recognize that technology often comes with unintended and undesirable side effects.;Leon Kass;technology
What I did in my youth is hundreds of times easier today. Technology breeds crime.;Frank Abagnale;technology
Without husbands, women have to focus on earning more. They work longer hours, they're willing to relocate and they're more likely to choose higher-paying fields like technology.;Warren Farrell;technology
Performance capture is a technology, not a genre it's just another way of recording an actor's performance.;Andy Serkis;technology
We have the greatest hospitals, doctors, and medical technology in the world - we need to make them accessible to every American.;Barbara Boxer;technology
It is the child's understanding that teaches the adults the way of the future. They're still doing it today with modern technology.;Michael Morpurgo;technology
Oh I love gadgets and I pride myself on keeping at the cutting edge of technology.;Alexander McCall Smith;technology
I want to do very useful buildings and I would like to find a method of producing these buildings through our technology because I think that this is the only way that we will gain wonderful environment easily in the future.;Minoru Yamasaki;technology
We had to address information technology in the ways we had not before and give the agents the tools that they need to do their job more efficiently and more expeditiously.;Robert Mueller;technology
Design, in its broadest sense, is the enabler of the digital era - it's a process that creates order out of chaos, that renders technology usable to business. Design means being good, not just looking good.;Clement Mok;technology
Globalization was a deep trend pushed by technology and right ideas, as much as anything else.;Jeffrey Sachs;technology
Sharing is good, and with digital technology, sharing is easy.;Richard Stallman;technology
Here you have a new technology, and if that technology is going to work, you must allow people to provide central indexes of the data. It's just like a newspaper that publishes classified ads.;David Boies;technology
The proliferation of outlets that digital technology has enabled has itself contributed to the changing nature of what we regard as 'news' and the way in which many citizens perceive politics.;Malcolm Turnbull;technology
Look at countries like China, they are determined to dominate all clean technology areas, putting lots of money into wind, solar, electric vehicles and battery storage. America's political impotence, caused by their terrible partisanship, will see them left behind.;Malcolm Turnbull;technology
We are in an electronic technology age now and it's about time we put away the old stuff.;Monica Edwards;technology
I hope that we can continue this cooperation on other critical issues related to America's future technological competitiveness. We must work together to encourage the creative talents that have made our country the world leader in technology.;Dan Lipinski;technology
We shouldn't build a technology to colour, or grey out, what people say. The media in general is balanced, although there are a lot of issues to be addressed that the media rightly pick up on.;Tim Berners-Lee;technology
With the evolution of technology, kids really need to be computer-savvy.;Ryan Seacrest;technology
I don't know if I've owned a piece of technology that I hated - I don't think I would have owned it then.;Amber Heard;technology
In the face of technology, everything becomes a little atavistic.;Don DeLillo;technology
There's a connection between the advances that are made in technology and the sense of primitive fear people develop in response to it.;Don DeLillo;technology
So if you're a customer today, the same person who came in to demonstrate the technology for you and helped you architect the solution before you bought it is likely going to be leading the team to help you do the implementation.;Sanjay Kumar;technology
What's happened with computer technology is perfectly timed for someone with my set of skills. I tell stories with pictures. What I love about CGI is that if I can think it, it can be put on the screen.;Frank Miller;technology
Technology has a great advantage in that we are capable of creating dinosaurs and show them on the screen even though they are extinct 65 million years. All of a sudden, we have a fantastic tool that is as good as dreams are.;Werner Herzog;technology
Magic and new technology have always walked hand in hand - even back in the days of Robert Houdin.;David Copperfield;technology
I am fascinated by all the new technology that creates places for us to meet in what is called cyberspace. I understand what it must have meant for the rebellions in the 19th century, especially in 1830 and 1848, when the mass circulated newspaper became so important for the spreading of information.;Henning Mankell;technology
Generally, what people tend to underestimate is the cyborg nature of Groupon. We are a company that has the DNA of being both a technology company and a heavily operational company.;Andrew Mason;technology
I'm a futurist. Technology is our way out of almost every problem we have. Technology can create a new sense of community.;Hal Sparks;technology
We can grow crops less expensively because molecular manufacturing technology is inherently low cost.;Ralph Merkle;technology
Readers probably haven't heard much about it yet, but they will. Quantum technology turns ordinary reality upside down.;Michael Crichton;technology
Well, first of all, we now have everybody with the exception of India, Pakistan, and Israel, and I don't think these three countries are going to join by simply providing them an incentive, in terms of technology.;Mohamed ElBaradei;technology
I forced myself to think what is the new concept and it became clear to me that it was risk, not only in technology and ecology, but in life and employment, too.;Ulrich Beck;technology
What is needed now is a transformation of the major systems of production more profound than even the sweeping post-World War II changes in production technology.;Barry Commoner;technology
The age of innocent faith in science and technology may be over.;Barry Commoner;technology
I constantly remind people that crime isn't solved by technology it's solved by people.;Patricia Cornwell;technology
Social media is great, I guess, but it feels like technology is the sapper of innocence.;Chris O'Dowd;technology
For any new technology there is always controversy and there always some fear associated with it. I think that's just the price of being first sometimes.;Hugh Grant;technology
There used to be this country called the Soviet Union it's not there anymore. Our technology was better than theirs.;Tom Clancy;technology
The human condition today is better than it's ever been, and technology is one of the reasons for that.;Tom Clancy;technology
Our industry has invested so much money in technology that perhaps it's time to invest in talent, in people.;Christiane Amanpour;technology
I see technology as being an extension of the human body.;David Cronenberg;technology
Technology is us. There is no separation. It's a pure expression of human creative will. It doesn't exist anywhere else in the universe. I'm rather sure of that.;David Cronenberg;technology
For infrastructure technology, C will be hard to displace.;Dennis Ritchie;technology
Every time somebody tries to go in and reinvent what we do, it always ends up being more about technology and sets, and flash and dash, forgetting the main thing, which is interesting people saying interesting, important things.;Diane Sawyer;technology
I believe very strongly, and have fought since many years ago - at least over 30 years ago - to get architecture not just within schools, but architecture talked about under history, geography, science, technology, art.;Richard Rogers;technology
I don't know technology and engineering. I don't know accounting.;Bernard Ebbers;technology
It's not that we use technology, we live technology.;Godfrey Reggio;technology
Technology has become as ubiquitous as the air we breathe, so we are no longer conscious of its presence.;Godfrey Reggio;technology
All tools have intrinsic politics and technology is the tool of now.;Godfrey Reggio;technology
The respect for human rights, essential if we are to use technology wisely, is not something alien that must be grafted onto science. On the contrary, it is integral to science, as also to scholarship in general.;John Charles Polanyi;technology
Technology is a useful servant but a dangerous master.;Christian Lous Lange;technology
There was a study done in the early 20th century of all the entrepreneurs who entered the automobile industry around the same time as Henry Ford there were something like 500 automotive companies that got funded, had the internal combustion engine, had the technology, and had the vision. Sixty percent of them folded within a couple of years.;Eric Ries;technology
Indiana Jones is very much an old-world kind of hero. He doesn't really have any kind of superpower or rely on any kind of technology to help him out of things.;Jamie Bell;technology
I do not think that there is a reputable scientist on this planet who would advocate using this technology to generate a human child as was just announced.;Robert Lanza;technology
In making certain things easier for people, technology has actually demotivated people from using their brains. We have all these devices that keep us connected, and yet we're more disconnected than ever before. Why is that?;Emilio Estevez;technology
We've lost touch and allowed technology to take precedence over organic nature. But let's not forget that those microchips in our computers came from elements of the earth.;Emilio Estevez;technology
I would absolutely love to go back to the simplicity of the '80s, where there wasn't texting, social media, iPhones, or smartphones. I love the fact that you would go home and check your messages. I'm not well suited to the world of modern technology.;Matthew Rhys;technology
Stone Age. Bronze Age. Iron Age. We define entire epics of humanity by the technology they use.;Reed Hastings;technology
In fact, technology has been the story of human progress from as long back as we know. In 100 years people will look back on now and say, 'That was the Internet Age.' And computers will be seen as a mere ingredient to the Internet Age.;Reed Hastings;technology
About half my work in education is U.S. political reform around school districts and charter schools, and creating more room for entrepreneurial organizations to develop. And about half on technology, which I look at as a global platform.;Reed Hastings;technology
School districts in the US don't adopt technology very quickly.;Reed Hastings;technology
Technology causes problems as well as solves problems. Nobody has figured out a way to ensure that, as of tomorrow, technology won't create problems. Technology simply means increased power, which is why we have the global problems we face today.;Jared Diamond;technology
There's a lot more to see when you're playing and because of the advances in technology it makes room for all kinds of new characters.;Tara Strong;technology
You can alter movie singing so much because you go into the recording studio and, just technology for recording has gotten so good, you can hold out a note and they can combine a note from take 2 and a note from take 8.;Anne Hathaway;technology
The technology available for film-making now is incredible, but I am a big believer that it's all in the story.;Robert Redford;technology
If your goal is anything but profitability - if it's to be big, or to grow fast, or to become a technology leader - you'll hit problems.;Michael Porter;technology
Well, clearly Apple is a role model of the American innovation whereby it produced all these products - iPod, iPhone, iPad - that are really now dominating all the technology arena in the world.;Al-Waleed bin Talal;technology
Technology determines the possibilities of society. It doesn't matter whether you start out from a fascist state or a communist state or a free-market state.;Iain Banks;technology
I think a lot of people are frightened of technology and frightened of change, and the way to deal with something you're frightened of is to make fun of it. That's why science fiction fans are dismissed as geeks and nerds.;Iain Banks;technology
I was always fascinated by engineering. Maybe it was an attempt maybe to get my father's respect or interest, or maybe it was just a genetic love of technology, but I was always trying to build things.;James Cameron;technology
A lot of the work in United States is highly critical of technology. I'm using 15,000 watts of power and 18 different pieces of electronic equipment to say that.;Laurie Anderson;technology
Aereo is the first potentially transformative technology that has the chance to give people access to broadcast television delivered over the Internet to any device, large or small, they desire. No wires, no new boxes or remotes, portable everywhere there's an Internet connection in the world - truly a revolutionary product.;Barry Diller;technology
We can't blame the technology when we make mistakes.;Tim Berners Lee;technology
If we invest in researching and developing energy technology, we'll do some real good in the long run, rather than just making ourselves feel good today. But climate change is not the only challenge of the 21st century, and for many other global problems we have low-cost, durable solutions.;Bjorn Lomborg;technology
People are naming it the Third Wave, the Information Age, etc. but I would say those are basically technological descriptions, and this next shift is not about technology - although obviously it will be influenced and in some cases expressed by technologies.;Paul Hawken;technology
If technology has finally caught up with individual liberty, why would anyone who loves freedom want to rethink that?;Matt Drudge;technology
I have a love/hate relationship with just about all technology in my life. My first typewriter in particular. I had a helluva time putting new ribbon on it.;Eric Stoltz;technology
The growth of technology is such that it is not possible today for a nuclear physicist to switch into medical physics without training. The field is now much more technical. More training is needed to do the job.;John Cameron;technology
I don't want technology to take me so far that I don't have to use my brain anymore. It's like GPS taking over and losing your internal compass. It's always got to be tactile, still organic.;Andrew Bird;technology
Technology has changed the way book publishing works, as it has changed everything else in the world of media.;Bruce Jackson;technology
In the earliest days, this was a project I worked on with great passion because I wanted to solve the Defense Department's problem: it did not want proprietary networking and it didn't want to be confined to a single network technology.;Vinton Cerf;technology
I love the 3D revolution. I love the technology today that continues to push the envelope, continues break the new ground, and continues to raise the bar.;Dwayne Johnson;technology
All this technology has not changed the way NFL Films does business and our process. Yes, with one touch of a button now you reach millions of people but it is still the same approach that my father and I started out with.;Steve Sabol;technology
As sophisticated as the technology gets, the less sophisticated you have to become as an actor.;Brendan Fraser;technology
I've tried to make 'Strictly Ballroom' impossible to date. It does feel a bit '80s but I consciously made sure there was no technology in the movie that could date it.;Baz Luhrmann;technology
I never really did sports growing up. Maybe that's why they intrigue me. The technology that goes into that clothing is steps ahead, so it's always been something I look towards.;Alexander Wang;technology
I know there are lots of positives in the evolution of technology, but I also think it will be responsible for the end of a unique character, of a specific kind of geographical culture. The world is getting so small, and mass production is getting so big. Everything is in danger of becoming the same.;Laura Marling;technology
To expect alien technology to be just a few decades ahead of ours is too incredible to be taken seriously.;Paul Davies;technology
So one begins to wonder what is going to happen to the human race. Technology keeps on advancing with greater and greater power, either for good or for destruction.;David Bohm;technology
With the help of modern technology, I can compose intricate keyboard parts and then I have to go back and learn them in order to perform them properly.;Geddy Lee;technology
Investing in industries and technology for the 21st century generates high-skilled, high-wage jobs for industries of the future.;Jay Inslee;technology
I love that you can have the language between the two worlds of technology and fashion, because I don't think that many designers get to do that.;Stella McCartney;technology
Over the last few years, the world has become a smaller and more integrated place with technology that is leveling the playing field like never before.;Ron Kind;technology
Technology is driving the innovation. Technology is driving the creativity. Technology and the use of that is going to determine our workers' ability to compete in the 21st century global marketplace.;Ron Kind;technology
I have run large organizations, I know what it takes to create a healthy business climate, and I have more experience than Jerry Brown doing that. So it'll be a stark contrast, a career politician vs. someone who has met a payroll, gotten a return on investment, knows how to use technology to do more with less.;Meg Whitman;technology
I got to get the right people in the right job. Because a lot of costs can be taken out in the context of your administration without the legislature.For example, using technology to do more with less. Using technology to fight fraud. Reorganizing and streamlining can be done within the context of the administration.;Meg Whitman;technology
I think we can be the very best place to start a business, to grow a business, to invent a new technology, to change the world, to change the country. But we've got a lot of work to deliver a new California to the people of California.;Meg Whitman;technology
We must learn to balance the material wonders of technology with the spiritual demands of our human race.;John Naisbitt;technology
I suppose that every time there is difficulty. I remember about Space Mountain: It took us ten years before we found the technology that would allow such a ride. And during these ten years, I had a model that I kept, waiting for the technology we needed.;John Hench;technology
Change creates fear, and technology creates change. Sadly, most people don't behave very well when they are afraid.;Daniel H. Wilson;technology
Right now, we have the most complex relationship with technology that we've ever had. Your regular person has more technology in their life now than the whole world had 100 years ago.;Daniel H. Wilson;technology
Robots are interesting because they exist as a real technology that you can really study - you can get a degree in robotics - and they also have all this pop-culture real estate that they take up in people's minds.;Daniel H. Wilson;technology
"These days the technology can solve our problems and then some. Solutions may not only erase physical or mental deficits but leave patients better off than ""able-bodied"" folks. The person who has a disability today may have a superability tomorrow.";Daniel H. Wilson;technology
The goal for many amputees is no longer to reach a 'natural' level of ability but to exceed it, using whatever cutting-edge technology is available. As this new generation sees it, our tools are evolving faster than the human body, so why obey the limits of mere nature?;Daniel H. Wilson;technology
The dissemination of advanced implantable technology will likely be just as ruthlessly democratic as the ailments it is destined to treat. Meaning that, someday soon, we may have a new class of very smart, very fast people - yesterday's disabled and elderly.;Daniel H. Wilson;technology
Sometimes a technology is so awe-inspiring that the imagination runs away with it - often far, far away from reality. Robots are like that. A lot of big and ultimately unfulfilled promises were made in robotics early on, based on preliminary successes.;Daniel H. Wilson;technology
I absolutely believe that a lot of the issues raised in 'Amped' about technology migrating into our bodies are issues that we're really going to deal with soon.;Daniel H. Wilson;technology
In my books the technology that I choose to talk about has to serve the themes. What that means is that I end up having to cut out a lot of cool technology that would be really fun to describe and play with, but which would just confuse everybody. So in 'Amped,' I focus on neural implants.;Daniel H. Wilson;technology
As a society, I think we express our cultural mores through our politics. We're trying constantly to figure out what's OK and what's not OK. And it's hard, because our society is constantly buffeted by gale force winds of technology. Things are always changing.;Daniel H. Wilson;technology
We've been co-evolving with our technology for a hundred thousand years. Human beings and the technology we make were always inseparable. We're finally coming into this moment where it's coming inside our body for the first time in history.;Daniel H. Wilson;technology
We humans have a love-hate relationship with our technology. We love each new advance and we hate how fast our world is changing... The robots really embody that love-hate relationship we have with technology.;Daniel H. Wilson;technology
What makes the production of my work so expensive? The whole installation thing - the construction, the objects, the technology. It really adds up.;Barbara Kruger;technology
A successful society is characterized by a rising living standard for its population, increasing investment in factories and basic infrastructure, and the generation of additional surplus, which is invested in generating new discoveries in science and technology.;Robert Trout;technology
I mean, technology is amoral. It has no morality.;Robert Ballard;technology
I've always been interested in the relationship between total external surround, culture, the political matrix, technology, etc., and the internal human consciousness.;Norman Spinrad;technology
I support any procedure that allows photographers to express themselves, whether that involves color, black and white, platinum, palladium and digital technology.;John Sexton;technology
In my mind I needed a symbol of today's technology, and I realized that what I wanted to photograph was the Space Shuttle. And so that's where Places of Power came into being.;John Sexton;technology
Instead of the international police action we had hoped for during the war in Kosovo, there are wars again - conducted with state-of-the-art technology, but still in the old style.;Jurgen Habermas;technology
But some great records are are being made with today's technology and there are still great artists among us. Likewise there are artists today who are so reliant on modern technology, they wouldn't have emerged when recording was more organic.;Tony Visconti;technology
I enjoy privacy. I think it's nice to have a little mystery. I think because of technology a lot of the mystery is gone in life, and I'd like to preserve some of that.;Maggie Q;technology
It would be unwise to say the least, irresponsible of us at the TSA, at the Homeland Security Department not to evolve our technology to match the changing threat environment that we inhabit.;Janet Napolitano;technology
As part of our layered approach, we have expedited the deployment of new Advanced Imaging Technology (AIT) units to help detect concealed metallic and non-metallic threats on passengers. These machines are now in use at airports nationwide, and the vast majority of travelers say they prefer this technology to alternative screening measures.;Janet Napolitano;technology
All images generated by imaging technology are viewed in a walled-off location not visible to the public. The officer assisting the passenger never sees the image, and the officer viewing the image never interacts with the passenger. The imaging technology that we use cannot store, export, print or transmit images.;Janet Napolitano;technology
But my view is that you need a system at the border. You need some fencing but you need technology. You need boots on the ground. And then you need to have interior enforcement of our nation's immigration laws inside the country. And that means dealing with the employers who still consistently hire illegal labor.;Janet Napolitano;technology
What we're doing is making sure that we have a safe and secure border region from San Diego all the way to Brownsville. And that means manpower, it means technology, it means infrastructure, it means interior enforcement. All, you know, kind of layered in appropriate ways, and making sure, like I said before, the border is safe and secure.;Janet Napolitano;technology
Now, a lot of what we are doing right now, quite frankly, is because of what happened on Christmas. Many of the things were kind of in the works. We were already planning, for example, the purchase and deployment of advanced imaging technology. You call them body scanners. We call them AITs (Advanced Imaging Technologies).;Janet Napolitano;technology
Because I do think - not just in building AOL - but just the world in which we live is a very confusing, rapidly changing world where technology has accelerated.;Steve Case;technology
I've been really excited about some new cutting edge electronic music and technology.;Mike Shinoda;technology
I love technology. We can be our own DJs wherever we go.;Ludacris;technology
NAFTA recognizes the reality of today's economy - globalization and technology. Our future is not in competing at the low-level wage job it is in creating high-wage, new technology jobs based on our skills and our productivity.;John F. Kerry;technology
I've been so entwined with technology since I was about 15, recording myself and multitracking and producing things on my own.;St. Vincent;technology
Education technology and school construction go together. Modernization, updating education facilities, and making a capital investment in education are all included.;Major Owens;technology
Education technology is very important because we have a massive challenge in public schools.;Major Owens;technology
I do not think we are ever going to be able to, for a long time, get the kind of quality of school personnel that we need in our schools, especially in the areas of science and math. One of the answers to that problem is to use more educational technology.;Major Owens;technology
I will continue my activities related to education in one way or another. I certainly would have at the top my agenda, with respect to education, the need to do much better with modern educational technology.;Major Owens;technology
I would like to spend my next two years showing how the aim of making technology available to every young person can be built into the effort to make our nation more secure. That is my latest concern and what I will be pushing over the next two years.;Major Owens;technology
Technology tools such as laptops are the kind of help that we need. A program that provides laptops for all youngsters would close a gap that most of us are not aware of, or will not admit to, which is a tremendous gap in the poor communities.;Major Owens;technology
Therefore, you are not training young people for the world of today and the world of tomorrow unless you are doing proven technology training. That is one of the reasons I'm so concerned.;Major Owens;technology
We can close the gap and improve what happens in the classroom by using educational technology that is the same high quality everywhere.;Major Owens;technology
We can do it better, more consistently, and in the end, it will cost us less because the students that we produce will be superior to those without technology experience.;Major Owens;technology
With a fourth generation of nuclear power, you can have a technology that will burn more than 99 percent of the energy in the fuel. It would mean that you don't need to mine uranium for the next thousand years.;James Hansen;technology
I have never come across a technology that doesn't change. This is inevitable. You have to adapt your systems as technology develops.;Gijs de Vries;technology
But the first the general public learned about the discovery was the news of the destruction of Hiroshima by the atom bomb. A splendid achievement of science and technology had turned malign. Science became identified with death and destruction.;Joseph Rotblat;technology
We're in a time now where technology is such that we can create anything, and that's what's new about television and film these days.;Jennifer Morrison;technology
A total nuclear freeze is counterproductive - especially now, when technology is rapidly changing and the Soviets have some important strategic advantages.;Herman Kahn;technology
I spend so much time on the screen when I am writing, the last thing you want to do is spend more time on the Internet looking at a screen. That's what I hate about all this technology.;Irvine Welsh;technology
When CD technology first came out, it was just so much waste.;Rick Danko;technology
I think that there are changes that have occurred in technology that make is that more people can have the same level of information that I have. My advantage is that I'm very good at interpreting the information.;Jim Cramer;technology
Advances in technology and in our understanding of illness and disease together with an expanded workforce and greater resources will allow us to provide more services to a higher quality.;John Hutton;technology
Looking down the road, space exploration and the benefits it yields - in medicine and information technology - should not be overlooked.;Bob Barr;technology
The recent fascination, I think, reflects the shift in approach by law enforcement officials to embrace technology as wholeheartedly as the rest of the world.;Jeffery Deaver;technology
Modern technology has become a total phenomenon for civilization, the defining force of a new social order in which efficiency is no longer an option but a necessity imposed on all human activity.;Jacques Ellul;technology
Weapons of mass destruction aren't pulled out of a black hat like a white rabbit at a magic show. They're produced in factories. There's science and technology involved. They're not produced in a hole in the ground or in a basement.;Scott Ritter;technology
The original PATRIOT Act greatly increased our nation's ability to share intelligence information, made better use of technology, and provided terrorism investigators tools that have long been available in cases involving illegal drugs and organized crime.;Michael K. Simpson;technology
I think that if the novel's task is to describe where we find ourselves and how we live now, the novelist must take a good, hard look at the most central facts of contemporary life - technology and science.;Richard Powers;technology
What we can do should never by itself determine what we choose to do, yet this is the way technology tends to work.;Richard Powers;technology
My goal for technology has always been to reach a point where the technological mediation becomes invisible.;Richard Powers;technology
Every technology, including the printing press, comes at some price.;Bill Keller;technology
James Cameron has always been way ahead of the curve in terms of the use of technology in his movies.;Joe Morton;technology
Since fantasy isn't about technology, the accelleration has no impact at all. But it's changed the lives of fantasy writers and editors. I get to live in England and work for a New York publisher!;Terri Windling;technology
Today we're focused on small acquisitions to add technology where necessary. I think it's fair to say we're not out looking for a large one, but I think it's also very fair to say that as a public company you can never say never.;Sanjay Kumar;technology
I'm in favor of any technology that makes my work available to the reading public at a reasonable price.;Walter Jon Williams;technology
Scientists at MIT and engineering schools all across America say that they could improve the fuel economy standards for the existing set of vehicles by 10 miles per gallon using existing technology, without compromising safety or comfort at all.;Ed Markey;technology
We know that al Qaeda is seeking radioactive materials and technology to launch a devastating attack, and that hundreds of radioactive sources have been lost or stolen in the U.S. and around the world.;Ed Markey;technology
Developments in medical technology have long been confined to procedural or pharmaceutical advances, while neglecting a most basic and essential component of medicine: patient information management.;John Doolittle;technology
Take, therefore, what modern technology is capable of: the power of our moral sense allied to the power of communications and our ability to organize internationally.That, in my view, gives us the first opportunity as a community to fundamentally change the world.;Gordon Brown;technology
You can have the best technology in the world, but if you don't have a community who wants to use it and who are excited about it, then it has no purpose.;Chris Hughes;technology
By 2007, we were finally living in a culture where people get what networks are and what technology can do to connect people.;Chris Hughes;technology
I knew I wanted to do something at the nexus of what I call global development and technology.;Chris Hughes;technology
I have a grandson who is 20. He's a computer guy. I'm worried that he can't communicate without his machine. They have no personal contact with people. That's the bad part of technology.;Penny Marshall;technology
So many times, these kids know more about the technology than their parents. And so many times, we're putting kids in very adult situations and expecting them to behave like they're 40 years old. Well, that's just not going to happen.;Amy Klobuchar;technology
Who would know but ten years ago that kids would be texting each other all the time, that that would be one of their main forms of communication. And so many times, these kids know more about the technology than their parents. And so many times, we're putting kids in very adult situations and expecting them to behave like they're 40 years old.;Amy Klobuchar;technology
Most of the debate over the cultures of death and life is about process. The debate focuses on the technology available to determine how we prolong life and how and when we end it.;Suzanne Fields;technology
I mean, when you get down to very low numbers of nuclear weapons, and you contemplate going to zero, how do you deal with the reality of that technology being available to almost any country that seeks to pursue it? And what conditions do you put in place?;Robert M. Gates;technology
Part of the problem is when we bring in a new technology we expect it to be perfect in a way that we don't expect the world that we're familiar with to be perfect.;Esther Dyson;technology
Don't leave hold of your common sense. Think about what you're doing and how the technology can enhance it. Don't think about technology first.;Esther Dyson;technology
The moment of drifting into thought has been so clipped by modern technology. Our lives are filled with distraction with smartphones and all the rest. People are so locked into not being present.;Glen Hansard;technology
The laws of physics should allow us to arrange things molecule by molecule and even atom by atom, and at some point it was inevitable that we would develop a technology that would let us do this.;Ralph Merkle;technology
If you think the technology is infeasible, you don't worry about what it might do and what its potential is.;Ralph Merkle;technology
If you look at the various strategies available for dealing with a new technology, sticking your head in the sand is not the most plausible strategy.;Ralph Merkle;technology
If we attempt to block the development of new technology, we effectively have ensured that the most responsible parties will not develop them.;Ralph Merkle;technology
A molecular manufacturing technology will let us build molecular surgical tools, and those tools will, for the first time, let us directly address the problems at the very root level.;Ralph Merkle;technology
The reality is that what you find out is that your head is the medicine. If your head is not in the right place and you don't think positively, all the medicine technology in the world is not going to work.;Herbie Mann;technology
The one thing that advances a society is not technology or so-called development it's love - that one principle.;Tom Shadyac;technology
Technology is not good, it's neutral.;Tom Shadyac;technology
Use state-of-the-heart technology online and offline to turn listeners into viral advocates and customers into raving fans.;Peter Guber;technology
Language is a more recent technology. Your body language, your eyes, your energy will come through to your audience before you even start speaking.;Peter Guber;technology
I think any new technology that helps connect and create social cohesion is great. But at the end of the day, you and I are analog creatures. We have to take 'oohs and aahs' and convert them to 0s and 1s and then convert them back to 'oohs and aahs.' Narratives that work in social networks are the exchange of stories that are told well.;Peter Guber;technology
Technology is a wonderful tool, but also if used incorrectly a horrible tool. We're fascinated by all aspects of it, whatever makes our human lives easier on the planet, but eventually there will have to be some sort of merger. The fascination isn't going to die down.;Reggie Watts;technology
But by the time I was 40, everything was winding down. It started after the war. On the plus side, there was more more products and technology. But for me the nightlife was winding down, the glamour, the fun.;Cesar Romero;technology
The U.S. is looking to India as more then just a marketplace for our defense products, but as a technology, aerospace and strategic partner for our future endeavors.;Kit Bond;technology
We need a number of solutions - we need more efficiency and conservation. Efficiency is a big one. I think car companies need to do a lot better in producing more efficient cars. They have the technology, we just need to demand them as consumers.;Daryl Hannah;technology
Most people are really stunned to find out that the technology has been around for more than 100 years, and that the diesel engine was in fact invented to run on vegetable oil.;Daryl Hannah;technology
As the father of six children, I know very well the challenges technology poses to our families.;Mike Fitzpatrick;technology
Sampling is kind of prehistoric, given the technology and the textures you can create.;Macklemore;technology
I've been looking at the iPod- the Apple iPod. One of the interesting things about the iPod, one of the things that people love most about it is not the technology it's the box it comes in.;Donald Norman;technology
But now with technology I could sit down and do a bunch of character drawings and scan them into a computer, and the computer using my exact style could bring it into life, where it would have been edited by various human beings before.;Bill Griffith;technology
A world technology means either a world government or world suicide.;Max Lerner;technology
With the way everything's going now and the way that technology is going, you can do a lot of things with a lot of different new materials.;Carmelo Anthony;technology
The federal government... knows how to put a missile in someone's room half way around the world with technology. Why don't we use some of that technology to save some lives here in America?;Michael Nutter;technology
Technology may create a condition, but the questions are what do we do about ourselves. We better understand ourselves pretty clearly and we better find ways to like ourselves.;Herbert Simon;technology
You know, technology CEOs like to think of themselves as rock 'n roll stars.;James Daly;technology
There are a lot of people using technology that are playing to a click with backing vocals already stuck in there on some computerized thing that runs along in time to the show so they have these amazing vocals that are only partly the guys on stage producing them at the time.;James Young;technology
Whereas with us - what you hear is what's happening right then and there on the stage - so we don't need no stinking technology.;James Young;technology
Historically the director has been the key creative element in a film and we must maintain that. We must protect that, in spite of the fact that there is new technology that's continually trying to erode that.;John Frankenheimer;technology
Today, over half of China's undergraduate degrees are in math, science technology and engineering, yet only 16 percent of America's undergraduates pursue these schools.;Cathy McMorris;technology
The Spy Act strikes a right balance between preserving legitimate and benign uses of this technology, while still, at the same time, protecting unwitting consumers from the harm caused when it is misused and, of course, designed for nefarious purposes.;Cliff Stearns;technology
I know what I don't know. To this day, I don't know technology, and I don't know finance or accounting.;Bernard Ebbers;technology
Nevertheless, the number of farmers, small as well as large, who are adopting the new seeds and new technology is increasing very rapidly, and the increase in numbers during the past three years has been phenomenal.;Norman Borlaug;technology
Technology is not neutral.;Godfrey Reggio;technology
It's not just the effect of technology on the environment, on religion, on the economic structure, on society, on politics, etc. It's that everything now exists in technology to the point where technology is the new and comprehensive host of nature of life.;Godfrey Reggio;technology
What I'm trying to do is to at least raise a flag to the blinding light of technology.;Godfrey Reggio;technology
We can have technology, prosperity, nice homes and cars, but at the same time we must be conscious of what we are dumping into the water, the air and our food.;Kevin Richardson;technology
We cannot sacrifice innocent human life now for vague and exaggerated promises of medical treatments thirty of forty years from now. There are ways to pursue this technology and respect life at the same time.;Ernest Istook;technology
Research and development needs permanent tax credits to build the technology that spurs our growth. But no government programs alone can get America's students to study more science and math parents must push and help their children to meet this goal.;Ernest Istook;technology
There are better alternatives... Australia should be exporting its solar technology, not its uranium.;Bob Brown;technology
Technology without hatred can be a blessing. Technology with hatred is always a disaster.;Simon Wiesenthal;technology
I've gone to China, bought a manufacturing company and moved it to America. Now China wants to buy back some of that new technology from me. That's a great story for America.;Terry McAuliffe;technology
Regardless what technology is, I like analog too.;Lou Gramm;technology
And like I say, I think we've got other cases other than Iraq. I do not think the problem of global proliferation of weapons technology of mass destruction is going to go away, and that's why I think it is an urgent issue.;David Kay;technology
Today 80 percent of all the oil that comes out of the Gulf is from 1,000 feet or more and today almost a third of it is more than 5,000 feet below the surface. What hasn't happened is the safety and the ability to respond to a negative event such as this blowout, has been far outrun by the technology of drilling itself. We need to close that gap.;Bob Graham;technology
While the technology revolution has yet to reach far into the households of those in developing countries, this is certainly another area where more developed countries can assist those in the less developed world.;Carol Bellamy;technology
These days there's so much technology and ways you can learn. There are videos and CD roms.;Mick Taylor;technology
Technology... the knack of so arranging the world that we don't have to experience it.;Max Frisch;technology
Effective use of Braille is as important to the blind as independent mobility, knowledge in the use of adaptive technology, and the core belief that equality, opportunity and security are truly possible for all people who are blind.;Bob Ney;technology
The point of that is, if you look at Walgreen's history, they've always been pioneers in the application of technology. They're the only drugstore chain that I know to have their own satellite.;James Collins;technology
Additionally, Smart Irrigation Month serves to recognize advances in irrigation technology and practices that produce not only more but also higher quality plants with less water.;Jim Costa;technology
My intention was to enroll at McGill University but an unexpected series of events led me to study physics at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.;Sidney Altman;technology
Well, another market is being created now out of Internet technology.;Jim Barksdale;technology
In my column series 'The Main Thing,' I often talk about how Internet technology can improve the way people communicate - both within a business and between a business and its customers and partners.;Jim Barksdale;technology
Internet entrepreneurs are using technology at every level of their company - from a one-person agency to a small firm, the newest technological advances are interwoven throughout every aspect of Internet-based businesses.;Marc Ostrofsky;technology
Being nerdy just means being passionate about something, including everyone - the coolest people on Earth are passionate and therefore nerdy about something whatever it is, whether it's sports, or gaming, or technology, or fashion, or beauty, or food, or whatever.;Zachary Levi;technology
That the way to achieve higher standards of living for all is through science and technology, taking advantage of better tools, methods and organization.;Charles E. Wilson;technology
It's very difficult in the technology space when you have been leapfrogged to prosper again.;James Chanos;technology
No one bill will cure the problem of spam. It will take a combined effort of legislation, litigation, enforcement, customer education, and technology solutions.;David Baker;technology
And what is religion, you might ask. It's a technology of living.;Toni Cade Bambara;technology
The Cox Report documents a systematic, well-planned effort by the Chinese military at the highest levels to target and acquire technology for military modernization.;Charles Foster Bass;technology
The U.S. government knew that China wanted to acquire sensitive U.S. technology, and instead of implementing a policy to prevent them from acquiring the information, the government all but gave them an invitation to take our equipment and designs.;Charles Foster Bass;technology
U.S. nuclear technology is one of this nation's most valuable secrets, and it should have been protected.;Charles Foster Bass;technology
But the technology was accessible, which suggests incompetence on the part of our counterintelligence community and the Clinton Administration, and may in fact rise to the level of treason.;Charles Foster Bass;technology
The committee's finding that China stole sensitive technology from U.S. weapons research labs is alarming.;Charles Foster Bass;technology
The underlying principles of strategy are enduring, regardless of technology or the pace of change.;Michael Porter;technology
As children, many of us were taught never to talk to strangers. As parents and grandparents, our message must change with technology to include strangers on the Internet.;Judy Biggert;technology
Technology has made it much easier to make and manipulate music. Studio-driven, machine-driven music does not always transcend into being a good live act. Many current acts are great live, but many cannot cut it live. The music is not organic.;Vivian Campbell;technology
Technology forced me to divorce a pixie and remarry a pixel.;Brian Celio;technology
You can get too bogged down in technology and you can sort of forget what it is you were trying to do. And with the Pet Shop Boys it's primarily about the songs, it's about song writing.;Chris Lowe;technology
I'm of the opinion that the technology is in a place where there's really no excuse not to just make your movie.;Dax Shepard;technology
It would appear that we have reached the limits of what it is possible to achieve with computer technology, although one should be careful with such statements, as they tend to sound pretty silly in 5 years.;John von Neumann;technology
Industrialization based on machinery, already referred to as a characteristic of our age, is but one aspect of the revolution that is being wrought by technology.;Emily Greene Balch;technology
Technology gives us the facilities that lessen the barriers of time and distance - the telegraph and cable, the telephone, radio, and the rest.;Emily Greene Balch;technology
To explore technology for me is something that I have to do. Otherwise, I feel completely left in the back... abandoned.;Bernardo Bertolucci;technology
You can get digital technology that almost is film quality, and go make little films and do everything you can to find a little understanding of your own voice and it will grow - Don't take no for an answer - Take every opportunity you can to do something.;Jon Voight;technology
The People's Republic of China has not yet reached the military might of the Soviet Empire. It requires a little more time and a little more infusion of Western aid, loans, technology and the hard currency of our tourists.;Barbara Amiel;technology
It's big production. It's huge. It's using studio technology to your benefit. You don't go in and play live and then just take the tapes and get them mastered. You have to create.;Joe Elliott;technology
It's true that humanity has seen a succession of crises, wars and atrocities, but this negative side is offset by advances in technology and cultural exchanges.;Abbe Pierre;technology
In an age of social media and content being key, it's important to change the mold where you have $100,000 to $150,000 for one video. I hired some guys that are young, just out of college, and we used some new, far-less-expensive cameras and technology to make videos.;Ronnie Dunn;technology
I carry my own film guys with me now. People think that's a huge expense, but with technology like it is these days, it's not. You can film videos and everything with a Canon Mark II, and shoot a movie. They're doing it for next to nothing, by comparison. I can do ten videos for a project for the price of one mainstream video in the past.;Ronnie Dunn;technology
We cannot escape that Hollywood is in the middle of a wave of technological change. The current angst over all the implications of new entertainment technology is nothing new.;Michael Eisner;technology
However, even during the preparations for action, we laid our plans in such a manner that should there be progress through diplomatic negotiation, we would be well prepared to cancel operations at the latest moment that communication technology would have permitted.;Hideki Tojo;technology
So the major obstacle to the development of new supplies is not geology but what happens above ground: international affairs, politics, investment and technology.;Daniel Yergin;technology
People always underestimate the impact of technology. To give you an example: In the 1970s the frontier for offshore development was 200 meters, today it is 4,000 meters.;Daniel Yergin;technology
The minimum we should hope for with any display technology is that it should do no harm.;Edward Tufte;technology
As a matter of fact, when compression technology came along, we thought the future in 1996 was about voice. We got it wrong. It is about voice, video, and data, and that is what we have today on these cell phones.;Steve Buyer;technology
We know that, when it comes to technology and the economy, if you're not constantly moving forward, then - without a doubt - you're moving backwards.;Bill Owens;technology
Accordingly, it is our task to ensure that the Government formulates policies that foster the continued development of the IT sector while also providing for citizens' access to technology and opportunity for economic advancement.;Tim Holden;technology
For over 15 years, through the clean coal programs of the Department of Energy, the Federal Government has been a solid partner, working jointly with private companies and the states to develop and demonstrate a new generation of environmentally clean technology using coal.;Tim Holden;technology
Our technology is very scalable. Our software can accommodate enormous numbers of clients. It's a marvelous opportunity. We'll keep developing products.;Jay Chiat;technology
But I think technology advertising will have to stop addressing how products are made and concentrate more on what a product will do for the consumer.;Jay Chiat;technology
Technology is the fashion of the '90s. It affects everyone, and everyone is interested in it - either from fear of being left behind or because they have a real need to use technology.;Jay Chiat;technology
Second, we're spending a huge amount of money on technology so that everyone can check out laptops and portable phones. We're spending more money to write our existing information into databases or onto CD-ROM.;Jay Chiat;technology
Today, most young women are exposed to technology at a very young age, with mobile phones, tablets, the Web or social media. They are much more proficient with technology than prior generations since they use it for all their school work, communication and entertainment.;Susan Wojcicki;technology
Though we do need more women to graduate with technical degrees, I always like to remind women that you don't need to have science or technology degrees to build a career in tech.;Susan Wojcicki;technology
My first job after college was at Magic Quest, an educational software startup company where I was responsible for writing the content. I found that job somewhat accidentally but after working there a few weeks and loving my job, I decided to pursue a career in technology.;Susan Wojcicki;technology
Certainly the advent of technology and electronic commerce has had an immense impact on the real estate industry.;Michael Oxley;technology
This would only come if you have a revolutionary change in technology like the jet brought about.;Adolf Galland;technology
We must safely secure our border by investing in more law enforcement and technology, and receiving cooperation from the Mexican government.;Timothy Murphy;technology
The technology used to detect if vehicles are carrying radioactive material is so sensitive it can tell if a person recently received radiation as part of a medical procedure.;Timothy Murphy;technology
My theme for philanthropy is the same approach I used with technology: to find a need and fill it.;An Wang;technology
Technology, like art, is a soaring exercise of the human imagination.;Daniel Bell;technology
I have friends who have a CD mastering plant in Hollywood and they are very sceptical about European record labels' understanding of digital technology.;Gavin Bryars;technology
Well Microsoft really does develop some really interesting technology.;Miguel de Icaza;technology
I have advocated an entirely different approach than cap and tax, which would be worldwide in application and which emphasizes technology as a way of reducing total emissions.;Jim Sensenbrenner;technology
It's hard for us in our stores to be a leader in technology.;Lee Scott;technology
It's a 360-degree sound experience. Like you're in the middle of the band. A lot of people have the technology to play the format, so why not put it out there. It sounds great.;Aaron Neville;technology
We are the number one economy in the world, and we ought to continue to pursue those kinds of policies that ensure that we maintain that position, like innovation and like technology and like education and like just research and development and discovery.;Donald Evans;technology
Further, the United States is moving ahead in the development of clean coal technology. There are vast coal reserves in our country, and when it is burned cleanly, coal can provide a resource to supply a large amount of our energy requirements.;Virgil Goode;technology
We may have to force people to get together in terms of picking a particular type of technology and starting to build to that technology, as opposed to everybody exercising their right to buy their own system, you know, at will.;Michael Chertoff;technology
What is design? It's where you stand with a foot in two worlds - the world of technology and the world of people and human purposes - and you try to bring the two together.;Mitchell Kapor;technology
The United States has far more to offer the world than our bombs and missiles and our military technology.;Cynthia McKinney;technology
So as I look at transitioning to the communication platforms of the future, I see that the beauty of Internet protocols is you get the separation of the layers between service and technology.;Michael K. Powell;technology
I have a vision that's about technology that empowers consumers over institutions.;Michael K. Powell;technology
More and more, job listings are exclusively available online and as technology evolves nearly every occupation now requires a basic level of digital literacy with web navigation, email access and participation in social media.;Michael K. Powell;technology
When you look at other countries that are developing the capabilities and the technology to deploy missiles of very significant destructive capability with nuclear, chemical, or biological warheads, then the MAD dogma makes even less sense.;Don Nickles;technology
Just because scientists have the knowledge to do it, the technology to do it, and some may even have a financial motive or other incentive to do it, does not make it right.;Nathan Deal;technology
As a physician, I know many doctors want to utilize new technology, but they find the cost prohibitive.;Nathan Deal;technology
Standing beneath the white light of an Apple store is like standing on a Stanley Kubrick movie set. His '2001: A Space Odyssey' predicted Jobs and a future where technology was our friend. Kubrick, of course, didn't like what he saw. And occasionally, I have my doubts.;Wesley Morris;technology
Automation and technology would be a great boon if it were creative, if there were more leisure, more opportunity to engage in raising a family, providing guidance to the young, all the stuff we say we need. America will work if we're all in it together. It'll work when there's a shared sense of destiny. It can be done!;Jerry Brown;technology
My goals over the decade include to develop new drugs to treat intractable diseases by using iPS cell technology and to conduct clinical trials using it on a few patients with Parkinson's diseases, diabetes or blood diseases.;Shinya Yamanaka;technology
We have an amazing advantage right now in that we have developed technology that is so sexy, so engaging for kids.;LeVar Burton;technology
I've always been interested in gadgets and technology and I've always been a reader.;LeVar Burton;technology
If we marry educational technology with quality, enriching content, that's a circle of win.;LeVar Burton;technology
'Avatar' is the greatest, most comprehensive collection of movie cliches ever assembled, but it's put together in a brand new way with a new technology, and tremendous imagination, making it a true epic and a kind of a milestone.;Joe Dante;technology
Magic, like technology, is a tool.;Mercedes Lackey;technology
I'm sure there will continue to be exciting new products and major changes, but it looks as if the existing technology has a great deal of room to grow and prosper.;Jack Kilby;technology
Well, it's very dangerous to project, but it's clear that the existing technology has some more years to go.;Jack Kilby;technology
I was very much fascinated with the technology we had that we could edit in the computer our compositions, but all the sounds that were available on the market were crap.;Miroslav Vitous;technology
I'm committed to increasing long-term value for shareholders and am confident we will continue to do so through the successful execution of our core strategic priorities: the creation of high quality, branded content and experiences, the use of technology, and creating growth in numerous and exciting international markets.;Bob Iger;technology
You cannot blame the mismanagement of the economy or the fact that we have not invested adequately in education in order to give our people the knowledge, the skills and the technology that they need in order to be able to use the resources that Africa has to gain wealth.;Wangari Maathai;technology
I'm always interested in mixing technology and music. You know, maybe I'll have a MIDI bass pickup at some point, I don't really think that's the direction I would want to go.;Mike Gordon;technology
I have argued above that we cannot prevent the Singularity, that its coming is an inevitable consequence of the humans' natural competitiveness and the possibilities inherent in technology.;Vernor Vinge;technology
I was the first spokesperson for the Better Hearing Institute in Washington. And that's the message we tried to send out - there is hearing help out there, and the technology and options are amazing.;Norm Crosby;technology
Pretty soon we'll have robots in our society, you're going to have a lot of automated processes that used to be done by people - this is happening. Society and technology is changing so fast, and the impact of the change on society and technology is global, not local.;Jose Padilha;technology
It's hard to say exactly what it is about face-to-face contact that makes deals happen, but whatever it is, it hasn't yet been duplicated by technology.;Paul Graham;technology
I'm the one who made many of the bold comments that we'd seen the technologies from AMD as pretty good. Their technology in many areas was leading. But those are transient.;Kevin Rollins;technology
Intel's still our main partner. We have not announced anything with AMD and don't have anything planned, but we're constantly being aware to make sure our customers get the best technology.;Kevin Rollins;technology
Ajax isn't a technology. It's really several technologies, each flourishing in its own right, coming together in powerful new ways.;Jesse James Garrett;technology
Any powerful technology can be abused.;K. Eric Drexler;technology
My greatest concern is that the emergence of this technology without the appropriate public attention and international controls could lead to an unstable arms race.;K. Eric Drexler;technology
But while doing that I'd been following a variety of fields in science and technology, including the work in molecular biology, genetic engineering, and so forth.;K. Eric Drexler;technology
Protein engineering is a technology of molecular machines - of molecular machines that are part of replicators - and so it comes from an area that already raises some of the issues that nanotechnology will raise.;K. Eric Drexler;technology
I think every student needs access to technology, and I think technology can be a hugely important vehicle to help level the playing field.;Arne Duncan;technology
Growing up, I wish that I'd had the supplies and laptops and all the new technology that's out right now.;James Harden;technology
Through all aspects of society be it art, design, the financial markets, government, technology or communications we are witnessing unprecedented global transformation - the result of which is impossible to predict.;Malcolm Mclaren;technology
When ATM machines came out and people were prosecuted for robbing ATM machines, I don't think anybody thought the banks were against technology because they didn't want their ATM machines lifted.;Hilary Rosen;technology
On the other hand, there would be some value in different folks getting together to share expertise and technology but to the listener, it wouldn't necessarily seem like a single station in the traditional sense.;Jamie Zawinski;technology
Life is about family and technology.;Mark Goddard;technology
Once a new technology rolls over you, if you're not part of the steamroller, you're part of the road.;Stewart Brand;technology
I also rise today in strong support of forward movement on the implementation of health information technology, which has the potential to save the United States billions of dollars in health care costs each year.;Russ Carnahan;technology
Civilization depends on our expanding ability to produce food efficiently, which has markedly accelerated thanks to science and technology.;Nina Fedoroff;technology
We've complemented that with a second office to think about how we need to prepare ourselves for that period 10 or 15 or 20 years from now, by way of investment in our technology, our organization and our people.;Stephen Cambone;technology
Advancements in technology have become so commonplace that sometimes we forget to stop and think about how incredible it is that a girl on her laptop in Texas can see photos and cell phone video in real time that a young college student has posted of a rally he's at in Iran.;Rosalind Wiseman;technology
Most technological advances in our life now come from serendipitous discoveries. That is a contraction of rocket technology and computer technology and atomic clock technology.;Serge Haroche;technology
We are involved in technology development for, you know, missions that we hope to plan that would take us to an asteroid and eventually to Mars.;Ellen Ochoa;technology
In fact, I argue that the future of advertising, whatever the technology, will be to associate each brand with one word. This is one word equity. It's the modern equivalent of having the best site on the high street, except the location is in the mind.;Maurice Saatchi;technology
For a long time many believed that there would be an automatic adjustment and counted on a rapid increase in the wages of the emerging nations, on our advances in technology and the costs of transport preventing disruption. But this reassuring analysis is out of date.;Laurent Fabius;technology
The demographic weight of countries such as China and India exercise a massive pressure on our wages and salaries. They have accomplished massive technological advances and the revolution in information technology has reduced the costs of transport.;Laurent Fabius;technology
Thus, after finishing high school, I started with high expectations and enthusiasm to study chemistry at the famous Swiss Federal Institute of Technology in Zurich.;Richard Ernst;technology
We were promised a simpler life, and technology has only complicated our lives.;Freeman Thomas;technology
Electronic music used pure sounds, completely calibrated. You had to think digitally, as it were, in a way that allowed you to extend serial ideas into other parameters through technology.;Luc Ferrari;technology
This is like the telephone problem - no one wants to have the first one. But we are seeing a lot of people who want some sort of technology to solve the spam problem.;Eric Allman;technology
I think one of the greatest enemies in the use of technology, however, is the idea that if you use the technology you have to throw other things out of the window.;John Eaton;technology
Agency by agency, we frequently have lost a bit of ground, at least to inflation-but had it not been for the efforts we've made to educate people about the importance of science, technology and advanced education, those predictions very well might have come true.;Charles Vest;technology
For much of this decade, both Congressional and administration budget projections showed a decline in science and technology accounts of between 20 and 30 percent in real dollars. The real impact to date has been far less severe.;Charles Vest;technology
Looking ahead, I believe that the underlying importance of higher education, of science, of technology, of research and scholarship to our quality of life, to the strength of our economy, to our security in many dimensions will continue to be the most important message.;Charles Vest;technology
They've just gone over the line in my opinion, and again, there's a proper time for a pat down, there's a proper time for an advanced technology body search, but it has to be done with some thought.;John Mica;technology
I try to write about how we live today, how we use language, technology, our bodies.;Dana Spiotta;technology
There has been a huge advance in technology, which has improved the safety of the cars incredibly, but there are still some heavy crash impacts and in certain circumstances there is still the chance of fire today.;Jackie Stewart;technology
Technology should be an important ingredient. It may be and should be a tool for social development.;Aleksander Kwasniewski;technology
Without competition, the spectacular development of technology that we have seen in the last one hundred years in this country would not have happened.;Lee R. Raymond;technology
The world has become more complex as technology and easy travel mixes cultures without homogenizing them.;Norman Spinrad;technology
The world changes materially. Science makes advances in technology and understanding. But the world of humanity doesn't change.;Pierre Schaeffer;technology
If co-operation, is thus the lifeblood of science and technology, it is similarly vital to society as a whole.;Arthur Holly Compton;technology
The technology backbone is no longer an afterthought.;Nick Price;technology
One of the biggest challenges to medicine is the incorporation of information technology in our practices.;Samuel Wilson;technology
To maximize our potential to enhance our health and our knowledge, we should remain open to new understanding and evolving technology or resources that might inspire a change in our approach to these important questions.;Samuel Wilson;technology
People often pulled into Scientology want to address personal problems in their life, and Scientology says we have technology that addresses these kinds of problems. Just focusing on the problems and trying to remedy them can be helpful.;Lawrence Wright;technology
As social media is less about technology and more about relationship building, we are starting to see more women have a heavy influence if not dominant role in the social media space. It's no wonder that Facebook is being run in part by chief operating officer Sheryl Sandberg.;Erik Qualman;technology
At a minimum the majority of search dollars will flow to a social media model because people care most about what their peers think and the technology is there for that information to be quickly shared on products and services.;Erik Qualman;technology
With this CD technology, you can just remix a record right there on the spot.;Jam Master Jay;technology
The technology is just so far gone. It's just like back in the day you needed a suitcase just to have a cell phone. The battery was so heavy, it was like carrying a gallon of soda around with you all day.;Jam Master Jay;technology
If I was designing a web site for elementary school children, I might have a much higher percentage of older computers with outdated browsers since keeping up with browser and hardware technology has not traditionally been a strong point of most elementary schools.;Mike Davidson;technology
Even when I work with computers, with high technology, I always try to put in the touch of the hand.;Issey Miyake;technology
While there have been terrific advances in the state of technology around heuristics, behavior blocking, and things like that, technology is only a part of the approach to solving the problem with the more important aspect involving putting the right process in place.;John W. Thompson;technology
One of the things that has been truly incredible to observe though, is the amount of venture investment that has gone into early stage security technology.;John W. Thompson;technology
First, I do not think there is any silver bullet to solving the technology side of the security equation.;John W. Thompson;technology
If the human race wants to go to hell in a basket, technology can help it get there by jet.;Charles Mengel Allen;technology
Educators are still spending way too much time trying to control what kids learn, bending the content to their own purposes, hoping beyond hope to change - by using technology - but not change too much.;Daniel Greenberg;technology
So, I see technology as a Trojan Horse: It looks like a wonderful thing, but they are going to regret introducing it into the schools because it simply can't be controlled.;Daniel Greenberg;technology
Technology will eventually destroy the way schools are run now.;Daniel Greenberg;technology
I had an almost fetishistic attraction to film technology.;Lars von Trier;technology
The U.S. uses most of its oil for transportation. We can limit U.S. demand for oil by requiring automakers to use the technology that already exists to improve fuel economy - technology that the automakers refuse to bring into the market despite societal demand.;Sherwood Boehlert;technology
The size of a studio film lets you see technology in a way that you wouldn't on an independent film, like the gadgets and the angles and all that.;Juno Temple;technology
I have reviewed literally hundreds of dotcoms in my drive to bring Boomer Esiason Foundation onto the Internet, and have selected ClickThings as a partner because of the advanced technology it offers small business, and its understanding of the entrepreneurial spirit of the small business community.;Boomer Esiason;technology
People always ask me if I could live in any other era what would it be, and I tell them none! I feel so lucky to live in an age where technology has changed and continues to change and make life so much more exciting. It keeps everyone young and constantly learning new things.;Nina Garcia;technology
Energy has become a national security issue and as technology continues to improve, there will be more debates like the one on Keystone.;Ed Royce;technology
We're competing with everything: the beach, the mall, bookstores. Libraries are in a transition right now, caught between two forces, the old ways and technology. Libraries are under a lot of pressure to provide both.;John Callahan;technology
Spin Me Round was number one all over the world, everywhere. It changed the face of pop music, no question. We took technology further than Trevor Horn.;Pete Waterman;technology
Many people mistakenly think a new technology cancels out an old one.;Judith Martin;technology
With existing technology, we can enforce airport security without sacrificing our personal privacy.;Tom Udall;technology
Working in Hollywood, it's clear the more money you have, the more technology you can get. So you can build a whole Japanese set. Only in Hollywood!;Ziyi Zhang;technology
I would like to see the technology used to explore more period horror genre works, for example, E. A. Poe.;Robert Englund;technology
The music technology scene is changing so fast it's hard to keep up.;Natasha Bedingfield;technology
I'm creating the kind of games that I like right now. I'm not being held back by technology.;John Romero;technology
Canada's a huge country, so to be able to unite the country through communication satellite technology or to be able to observe it through remote sensing technology from space is a natural fit for a country like Canada.;Marc Garneau;technology
Ever since the arrival of printing - thought to be the invention of the devil because it would put false opinions into people's minds - people have been arguing that new technology would have disastrous consequences for language.;David Crystal;technology
There's evidence of a social decline in direct proportion to technology and the industrialization of the motion picture industry.;Mark Rydell;technology
I think that's the phenomenon of our time is that a lot of women keep themselves in good shape but that there's not a lot of accommodation or people out there to connect with and the technology.;Stockard Channing;technology
Why doesn't Apple stop for a year and make medical devices? When people talk about technology, that's where I start to get a little hot under the collar because I know that it's the key to solving some of the world's biggest problems. Having a faster, thinner telephone is not one of the world's biggest problems.;Luke Perry;technology
You can always improve on something, the technology is different today, but I would leave it well alone. If there was something that was incomplete, that might be interesting... because I do that on my website.;Dave Davies;technology
After World War II great strides were made in modern Japanese architecture, not only in advanced technology, allowing earthquake resistant tall buildings, but expressing and infusing characteristics of traditional Japanese architecture in modern buildings.;Harry Seidler;technology
The only protection as a historian is to institute a process of research and writing that minimizes the possibility of error. And that I have tried to do, aided by modern technology, which enables me, having long since moved beyond longhand, to use a computer for both organizing and taking notes.;Doris Kearns Goodwin;technology
The rapid dissemination of technology and information offers entirely new ways of production, but it can also bring the spectre of more states developing weapons of mass destruction.;Lord Robertson;technology
Everything's changed. The technology is the big thing changing now, the way movies like 'Alice' or 'Avatar' are made. And technology on the other side, the audience side. Word spreads so fast now on a movie, with the Internet, and piracy is something coming down the line like in the music industry.;Richard D. Zanuck;technology
The technology is really where all of the changes have taken place, but the fundamentals of a good story being the basis of every good picture, and really the only basis still remains the rule, more so today, I think, because we've unfortunately weaned an audience from birth to kind of mindless movies.;Richard D. Zanuck;technology
Today, the forces of competition, technology, and globalization have converged to spur innovation and to transform the way business is done in the securities industry.;Arthur Levitt;technology
Our markets have not achieved their great successes as a result of government fiat, but rather through efforts of competing interests working to meet the demands of investors and to fulfill the promises posed by advancing technology.;Arthur Levitt;technology
There is no point in launching technology before customers are ready to use it.;Peter Erskine;technology
I try to be careful because technology changes so much over the years. But some things don't change. Kids and parents have disagreements, kids try to manipulate, parents try to sit down with rules and regs. That part never changes.;Paula Danziger;technology
We are just fanatics about using the technology to make it all wonderful. We laughed at the fact that we were having such a great time working this way.;Al Jarreau;technology
From coast to coast, the FBI and Securities and Exchange Commission have ensnared people not only at hedge funds, but at technology and pharmaceutical companies, consulting and law firms, government agencies, and even a major stock exchange.;Preet Bharara;technology
Technology is similarly just a catalyst at times for fundamental forces already present.;Scott Cook;technology
Stevie didn't use the technology to drive the song. He used it to enhance. I use the tools to further my work, I don't use my work to further the tools.;Brian McKnight;technology
I had two passions growing up - one was music, one was technology. I tried to play in a band for a while, but I was never talented enough to make it. And I started companies. One day came along and I decided to combine the two - and there was Spotify.;Daniel Ek;technology
So a more sensible thing it seemed to me was to go to Silicon Valley and be pushing on the technology companies to accelerate the use of audio and music in computers.;Thomas Dolby;technology
From a technical point of view, there seemed to me to be absolutely no reason why - with the existing technology - we couldn't do very high quality audio, because whereas the boom in digital graphics is ongoing, the boom in digital audio has already happened.;Thomas Dolby;technology
My dad was an inventor, and I think I've always had a rosy view of technology, or at least its potential.;Scott McCloud;technology
My dad was an engineer and so I had this picture of science and technology and pursuits of the mind as being more impressive than artistic pursuits, which I saw a as kind of frivolous.;Scott McCloud;technology
I believe economic growth should translate into the happiness and progress of all. Along with it, there should be development of art and culture, literature and education, science and technology. We have to see how to harness the many resources of India for achieving common good and for inclusive growth.;Pratibha Patil;technology
We can do better in higher education. And it is more than just technology. It's also an attitude on the part of faculty. We need to think through how we can produce a better quality product at less cost.;Roy Romer;technology
I was using tape loops for dancers and dance production. I had very funky primitive equipment, in fact technology wasn't very good no matter how much money you had.;Terry Riley;technology
I am a technological activist. I have a political agenda. I am in favor of basic human rights: to free speech, to use any information and technology, to purchase and use recreational drugs, to enjoy and purchase so-called 'vices', to be free of intruders, and to privacy.;Bram Cohen;technology
Despite my emphasis on technology, I do not view laws as inherently evil. My goals are political ones, even if my techniques are not. The only way to fundamentally succeed is by changing existing laws. If I rejected all help from the political arena I would inevitably fail.;Bram Cohen;technology
That work led to the emergence of the recombinant DNA technology thereby providing a major tool for analyzing mammalian gene structure and function and formed the basis for me receiving the 1980 Nobel Prize in Chemistry.;Paul Berg;technology
Community colleges need to be upgraded. We got to have training for real jobs. We've got a lot of jobs that are going unfilled because we don't have the technology in the heads of graduating college students to deal with them.;Emanuel Cleaver;technology
But, when we started our product portfolio, we focused the mixed signal requirements first for image processing devices and then in audio applications , targeting our technology into the growing use of digital technology in consumer markets.;David Milne;technology
I know nothing about technology.;Jack Ma;technology
I'm not a tech guy. I'm looking at the technology with the eyes of my customers, normal people's eyes.;Jack Ma;technology
Some people are really drawn to technology and I liken them to artists.;Mitchell Baker;technology
Ten years ago U.S. defence investment represented almost half of all defence expenditure in the whole alliance. Today it is 75%. This increasing economic gap may also lead to an increasing technology gap which will almost hamper the inter-operability between our forces.;Anders Fogh Rasmussen;technology
Digital imaging has untied our hands with regards to technical limitations. We no longer have to be arbiters of technology we get to participate in the interpretation of technology into creative content.;John Dykstra;technology
For me, modern technology has ruined romance and movies - nobody can run to the airplane gate anymore.;Lorene Scafaria;technology
We can just assume they have much more and powerful, more advanced technology, all the new computers, everything could be much more easier and help them to build much more and many more nuclear weapons.;Mordechai Vanunu;technology
However, I had a chance encounter with an admissions officer of Stevens Institute of Technology, who so impressed me by his erudition and enthusiasm for the school that I changed course and entered Stevens Institute.;Frederick Reines;technology
I received my undergraduate degree in engineering in 1939 and a Master of Science degree in mathematical physics in 1941 at Steven Institute of Technology.;Frederick Reines;technology
To a considerable extent we are faced by a technology arms race with terrorists. The communications revolution has made it easier for terrorist groups to reach out to vulnerable individuals with their violent extremist ideology and propaganda. It has also facilitated fundraising, recruitment and training.;Pauline Neville-Jones;technology
I can't get my head around the fact that the technology of the first two movies, which are forty years prior to Star Wars, is so much better than any technology they had in Star Wars!;David Prowse;technology
I think technology has changed America, not any one organization. Technology is taking the power away from the few. There'll be a lot more choices, and good people who are doing serious stuff will survive and there'll be a lot more voices, and that is very healthy.;Brian Lamb;technology
When dealing in the technology, it becomes a question of whether you overuse something. I think that's worse than having something technologically available to you and not using it.;Al Michaels;technology
Technology is permeating every single thing we do... And to the extent that we can better expose our young people to all the different ways that technology can be used, not just for video games or toys, we're planning for the future.;Marc Morial;technology
Developments in information technology and globalised media mean that the most powerful military in the history of the world can lose a war, not on the battlefield of dust and blood, but on the battlefield of world opinion.;Timothy Garton Ash;technology
In 1978, I entered Tohoku University, into the Department of Electrical Engineering, Faculty of Technology.;Koichi Tanaka;technology
The Faculty of Technology of Tohoku University is renowned for its tradition of practical studies.;Koichi Tanaka;technology
All this technology for connection and what we really only know more about is how anonymous we are in the grand scheme of things.;Heather Donahue;technology
If we had been less reliant on technology and the security that we enjoy in being divorced from what we used to know, maybe things would have turned out differently.;Heather Donahue;technology
I think 99 percent of women's lib comes from technology making different kinds of lives possible, and then the social adjustment follows the technology - it doesn't precede it.;Lois McMaster Bujold;technology
Technology has saved us money in some circumstances, but it has really afforded us the ability to cover stories from locations we might not have been able to in the past.;Jim Walton;technology
During the war, in which several of our embedded correspondents were able to report from moving vehicles crossing the Iraqi desert, the use of technology made news gathering safer.;Jim Walton;technology
The point is, technology has empowered so many musicians, you know?;Stanley Clarke;technology
Libraries function as crucial technology hubs, not merely for free Web access, but those who need computer training and assistance. Library business centers help support entrepreneurship and retraining.;Scott Turow;technology
Who knows what technology will emerge in the next five years, let alone 20. Yet the education we provide our children now is supposed to last for decades. We cannot train them for jobs that do not even exist yet, but we can provide them with the minds and tools they'll need to adapt to our ever-changing set of circumstances.;Jim Hunt;technology
Technology isn't the enemy, it is our ally, but only if we adopt a new model that puts people before profit. I realize that we seem far from that model, but I have seen it in action and it is a beautiful thing. So I'm not willing to give up yet. Hope is the last thing to die.;Justin Sane;technology
I've been thinking about the distorted view of science that prevails in our culture. I've been wondering about this, because our civilization is completely dependent on science and high technology, yet most of us are alienated from science.;Ann Druyan;technology
I think that technology has both introduced new sounds but also allowed an increasingly painterly approach to recording music as you can now paint over what you've done and more and more refine an existing performance.;Jerry Harrison;technology
When I was in Japan on tour in 2010, I felt like I was 30 years into the future. I love technology and they are so advanced with their phones, computers, everything. I think they had the iPhone way before we did in the U.S. I love gadgets, games, social media and I try to stay ahead on all that stuff, but they get it all first.;Soulja Boy;technology
Nuclear arms and atomic power represent a technology in which coexistence with man is extremely difficult.;Naoto Kan;technology
The embrace of a new technology by ordinary people leads inevitably to its embrace by people of malign intent.;Charles C. Mann;technology
In spite of advances in technology and changes in the economy, state government still operates on an obsolete 1970s model. We have a typewriter government in an Internet age.;Matt Blunt;technology
Taxpayers deserve a government that harnesses technology to better serve the people.;Matt Blunt;technology
Obviously, CGI in the last ten years has gone through such leaps and bounds that today, people are looking for these kinds of movies to wow audiences with technology.;Avi Arad;technology
The combination of hatred and technology is the greatest danger threatening mankind.;Simon Wiesenthal;technology
I want to improve TSA's counterterrorism focus through intelligence and cutting edge technology, support the TSA workforce, and strengthen the agency's relationships with stakeholders and the traveling public. All of these priorities are interconnected and are vital to TSA's mission - and I would say, all of our collective mission.;John Pistole;technology
The reason we are doing these types of pat downs and using the advanced imagery technology is trying to take the latest intelligence and how we know al Qaeda and affiliates want to hurt us, they want to bring down whether it is passenger air craft or cargo aircraft.;John Pistole;technology
The bottom line is how do we best provide for the security of the traveling public in light of a determined enemy who is adept at constructing well-designed, well-concealed devices which would not show up in a walk-through metal detector? We're trying to employ the best technology to identify any possible threat.;John Pistole;technology
I've always been fascinated with the juxtaposition of technology in music, not only in recording, but in the keyboard. It's amazing the way you can apply technology to an art form.;Geoff Downes;technology
The thing that's changed the most has just been the rapid technology.;Jeffrey Katzenberg;technology
Laboratories can reduce risk by implementing a proven and internationally accepted quality assurance technology that is applicable across the globe.;Richard Curtis;technology
Silicon Valley has some of the smartest engineers and technology business people in the world.;Elon Musk;technology
CRATEL is a center with a two-fold mission - to explore technology as an expressive element and to use technology to bridge gaps between diverse groups of people.;John Harrison;technology
For behaviorist films, that's been much more useful - the change of technology - but for my kind of films, doing them on film is much better, because it's more beautiful.;Michael Apted;technology
Society will decide after the technology is created what we will and won't accept.;Jesse Eisenberg;technology
And so when I moved to IBM, I moved because I thought I could apply technology. I didn't actually have to do my engineer - I was an electrical engineer, but I could apply it. And that was when I changed. And when I got there, though, I have to say, at the time, I really never felt there was a constraint about being a woman. I really did not.;Ginni Rometty;technology
IBM's long-standing mantra is 'Think.' What has always made IBM a fascinating and compelling place for me, is the passion of the company, and its people, to apply technology and scientific thinking to major societal issues.;Ginni Rometty;technology
We're in this transition period of figuring out how to deal with all the new technology that is out there, but television still proves to be the granddaddy of them all.;Jeff Zucker;technology
My grandfather on my mother's side was a professor of mechanical engineering at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology my other grandfather was a lawyer, and one time Speaker of the Tennessee House of Representatives.;Kenneth G. Wilson;technology
My graduate studies were carried out at the California Institute of Technology.;Kenneth G. Wilson;technology
In consequence, science is more important than ever for industrial technology.;Kenneth G. Wilson;technology
I hated science in high school. Technology? Engineering? Math? Why would I ever need this? Little did I realize that music was also about science, technology, engineering and mathematics, all rolled into one.;Mickey Hart;technology
People are looking to have more meaning in their lives. It is a sign the technology community is coming of age.;John Doerr;technology
At its core, 90 percent of my job is still sitting down in a room full of people, and breaking stories... and that requires virtually no technology.;Steven Levitan;technology
Thompson and Ritchie were among the first to realize that hardware and compiler technology had become good enough that an entire operating system could be written in C, and by 1978 the whole environment had been successfully ported to several machines of different types.;Eric S. Raymond;technology
A vital step for the technology sector is to signpost legitimate search options far more clearly and to delete links to sites that promote illegally sourced content.;David Puttnam;technology
Realize that a Muslim will know that his wife was seen naked in this machine. You know what would be the reaction?... Terrible. I believe there's technology out there that can identify bomb-type materials without necessarily, overly invading our privacy.;Isaac Yeffet;technology
Stop relying only on technology.Technology can help the qualified, well-trained human being but cannot replace him.;Isaac Yeffet;technology
Computer games tend to be boys' games, warlike games with more violence. We have not spent enough time thinking through how to encourage more girls to be involved in computing before coming to college so they can see a possible career in information technology.;Freeman A. Hrabowski III;technology
I honestly believe that the next big leap in immersive technology will be very much like Brainstorm.;Douglas Trumbull;technology
The technology of the time dictated the way things looked.;Douglas Trumbull;technology
There's a consistency in my work that pops up independent of the limitations of the technology.;Douglas Trumbull;technology
I knew from the beginning that privacy was going to be a huge issue, especially with regard to applying Total Information Awareness in counterterrorism. Because if the technology development was successful, a logical place to apply it was inside the United States.;John Poindexter;technology
I really believe that we don't have to make a trade-off between security and privacy. I think technology gives us the ability to have both.;John Poindexter;technology
More than 20 years on, sustained competition, informed customers and the rapid growth of new technology provide the necessary environment for substantial deregulation.;Stephen Carter;technology
My wife handles all of our technology. So if something goes wrong with the computer, I throw up my arms and step aside while the IT gal figures it out.;Ty Burrell;technology
As an avid photographer, I also took advantage of the latest technology in photography - digital photography - to post photos on my website on a daily basis.;Tipper Gore;technology
The history of the music industry is inevitably also the story of the development of technology. From the player piano to the vinyl disc, from reel-to-reel tape to the cassette, from the CD to the digital download, these formats and devices changed not only the way music was consumed, but the very way artists created it.;Edgar Bronfman, Jr.;technology
I remember feeling that technology was like trying to draw with your foot. In a ski boot. It was the most indirect way to work imaginable, but the potential had us all excited. I started in stop motion.;Chris Wedge;technology
This technology will obviously become more prevalent. Who knows what will result? One thing is certain, computer technology will revolutionize the way we tell stories as much as movie film has.;Chris Wedge;technology
Well, in our industry it's that the movies cost so much money to make they have to appeal to a broad audience. And I think that's part of what will loosen up in the future, as technology makes it cheaper, you'll be able to make films for a more selective audience. I think people will be able to make more personal movies.;Chris Wedge;technology
Our approach to making games is to find the fun first and then use the technology to enhance the fun.;Sid Meier;technology
The way you want to respond is to ask a question: Is this technology directly relevant to our hedgehog concept? If the answer is YES, then we want to become pioneers, not in the technology, but in the application of that technology specifically linked to our hedgehog concept.;James Collins;technology
This really is a merger of equals. I wouldn't have come back to work for anything less than this fantastic opportunity. This lets me combine my two great loves - technology and biscuits.;Lou Gerstner;technology
We have the new greatest generation. We don't need as large a military due to the technology we have, the equipment we have outfitting our personnel. They really are storm troopers.;Joe Wilson;technology
The great paradox of the 21st century is that, in this age of powerful technology, the biggest problems we face internationally are problems of the human soul.;Ralph Peters;technology
I am interested in computers and technology, and art, photography, and design.;William Landay;technology
The technology is good and it's bad. You know what you're dealing with out there musically, but my head stops at this electronic stuff. I don't quite know what I'm dealing with out there yet.;Paul Anka;technology
It is only by the rational use of technology to control and guide what technology is doing that we can keep any hopes of a social life more desirable than our own: or in fact of a social life which is not appalling to imagine.;Carrie P. Snow;technology
I have the instruments, ideas, technology, computer techniques. We try to create or see something, which has not been known before - just to discover something together. This is always my dream.;Lennart Nilsson;technology
Triumphant science and technology are only at the threshold of man's command over sources of energy so stupendous that, if used for military purposes, they can wipe out our entire civilization.;Cordell Hull;technology
With technology now, you can go in and sing a song, and for $100,000, you will sound flawless.;Vince Neil;technology
New technology is useful, but it's inefficient and ugly it knows it'll be obsolete by lunchtime tomorrow, so it has no incentive to be anything else.;Tom Holt;technology
I think there are four or five interesting pockets where a lot of cool technology companies are getting started. Chicago is one of them. New York is certainly another. Silicon Valley really dominates. And you're seeing some stuff out of Boston and Seattle and down South.;Eric Lefkofsky;technology
I'm going to be in technology for a long time.;Eric Lefkofsky;technology
Every time new technology is introduced, especially involving reproduction, you get the 'yuck' effect.;Brigitte Boisselier;technology
Technology has not only changed the way people are able to view movies, it has changed the way our industry produces and advertises movies.;Dan Glickman;technology
The movie industry is committed to working with the technology sector to find innovative new ways to deliver entertainment to consumers.;Dan Glickman;technology
I have taught history on the high school and college levels, and am or have been a lecturer at the Smithsonian, The National Institutes of Health, and numerous colleges and universities, mostly on science fiction and technology subjects.;Jack L. Chalker;technology
The technology that threatens to kill off books as we know them - the 'physical book,' a new phrase in our language - is also making the physical book capable of being more beautiful than books have been since the middle ages.;Art Spiegelman;technology
I don't cook - I can cook - but I'm not very good. I like being asked over for dinner, because she can't cook either. We would starve if it weren't for modern technology. I know how to work a microwave, but love home cooked meals.;Mark Mothersbaugh;technology
The best museums and museum exhibits about science or technology give you the feeling that, hey, this is interesting, but maybe I could do something here, too.;Paul Allen;technology
We are so reliant on power and technology for everything.;Billy Burke;technology
You can't stop technology or science, and it is snowballing quicker than ever. Something's got to come to a head. How? Who knows? But it will.;Billy Burke;technology
All the technology of our production was still pre-War. They were sort of '38, '39 and the War had been stable and so we were infinitely behind whatever had been going on in the United States for instance.;Gianni Agnelli;technology
And the buying of new machinery meant not only the possibility of production, but even the new technology, 'cos as I mentioned before, we were back of seven, eight years.;Gianni Agnelli;technology
There was once a time when art history and film were basically the same medium, but art history is frozen in late-19th-century technology that has survived into the early 21st century.;Robert Nelson;technology
In hard-core science fiction in which characters are responding to a change in environment, caused by nature or the universe or technology, what readers want to see is how people cope, and so the character are present to cope, or fail to cope.;James Gunn;technology
I think we can allow the therapeutic uses of nuclear transplant technology, which we call cloning, without running the danger of actually having live human beings born.;David Baltimore;technology
Technology has changed the fan/actor interaction quite a bit.;Misha Collins;technology
Seriously, we are in the midst of the convergence of voice and data and that is challenging the infrastructure of the telephone companies. There are huge commercial interests in the basic technology, but even more so in content delivery and control of content.;Steve Crocker;technology
Virginia is the absolute leader in homeland security and defense and information technology.;Mark Warner;technology
I would like to see every parent either directly - if they are comfortable with the technology - or through a personal tutor, being able to access real-time information about their child.;Jim Knight;technology
We have seven pillars of development. India has a cutting edge information technology industry. We are setting up a technology park. We would like to see technology penetration iin education. Besides, we would like to see cooperation in industries like fashion, filmmaking, ship-building, education, health and energy.;Kamla Persad-Bissessar;technology
You cannot make thousands of universities or hundreds of thousands of professors, but with technology and the Internet you can have great courses and make a digital university.;Carlos Slim;technology
From computers to information technology to airplanes, it has been America's unique blend of republican government and free-market capitalism that has allowed us to surpass all other nations in history.;George Nethercutt;technology
It's so exciting to be doing radio on the cutting edge of technology. Being in on something new is the biggest thrill in the world.;Lynn Samuels;technology
Technology makes things faster and more cost-effective, but it's not perfect. It requires you to be as flexible as you can be.;John Phillips;technology
Kids need to be equipped for that. They need to learn to use that technology to keep the new economy going.;Dennis Moore;technology
Our business is about technology, yes. But it's also about operations and customer relationships.;Michael Dell;technology
IBM has taken a leadership role in this area and is prepared to be a technology partner with companies around the world to take advantage of these new developments.;John Patrick;technology
People don't want to believe that technology is broken. Pharmaceuticals, robotics, artificial intelligence, nanotechnology - all these areas where the progress has been a lot more limited than people think. And the question is why.;Peter Thiel;technology
I can't live without my smartphone, but I really geek on coding. It's not so much technology that I like, but puzzle solving.;Sylvia Day;technology
Yet now we are faced with the sickening suspicion that technology has run ahead of us.;Richard Dooling;technology
Theaters are always going to be around, and doing fine. With computers and technology, we're becoming more and more secluded from each other. And the movie theater is one of the last places where we can still gather and experience something together. I don't think the desire for that magic will ever go away.;Wolfgang Petersen;technology
I think you can expect Sony, in the case of PSP specifically, to deliver a technology that is going to reinvent and change handheld entertainment, and take it to a brand new level.;Ian Jackson;technology
We must speed up the deployment of broadband in order to bring high-speed data services to homes and businesses. The spread of information technology has contributed to a steady growth in U.S. productivity.;Michael Oxley;technology
I am in the process of trying to decide whether I can make a substantive and productive contribution to the policy-making process. I was always there because I wanted to work on the pressing issues of the day - I'm interested in energy, I'm interested in the climate bill and technology policy.;Charles F. Bass;technology
I love technology, and I love new gadgets. I can no longer figure out how to use any of them, but I love them.;Jerry Zucker;technology
My problem is that I like technology, but I always have to ask myself, 'Now wait a minute, will I actually have any use for this?';Jerry Zucker;technology
I have seen that technology has contributed to improved communication, that it's contributed to better health care, that it's contributed to better food supplies, that it has contributed to all the basic human needs.;John Warnock;technology
The personal contact is a personal thing. The fact that some people don't know their neighbors, I don't think that technology is at fault. You don't lose anything with technology. You gain other avenues of understanding.;John Warnock;technology
Vivendi will be one of the very few top communications groups of the Internet age. We will have customers all over the globe, providing services through all kinds of technology.;Jean-Marie Messier;technology
We are looking for development partners, people to work alongside us, which will accelerate our actually getting licences, the technology into product, into the markets.;John McKinley;technology
The most essential thing for us was to get the business model right, then put the world-class technology under it to support it. At Merrill, that meant not doing what people expected.;John McKinley;technology
Technology has been, and always will be, my one true passion professionally.;John McKinley;technology
The cancer doesn't bother me. I have great faith that the technology will beat it.;Henry Cisneros;technology
The technology at the leading edge changes so rapidly that you have to keep current after you get out of school. I think probably the most important thing is having good fundamentals.;Gordon Moore;technology
Computer technology is so built into our lives that it's part of the surround of every artist.;Steven Levy;technology
In 1948 I entered the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, undecided between studies of chemistry and physics, but my first year convinced me that physics was more interesting to me.;Burton Richter;technology
Social networking technology didn't really exist until 2004-2005. I had the idea to use this technology to bridge this gap between a general interest in addressing social issues and the practical action.;Ben Rattray;technology
Visual ideas combined with technology combined with personal interpretation equals photography. Each must hold it's own if it doesn't, the thing collapses.;Arnold Newman;technology
I don't know concretely if it's due to superstition, but any time a new rule is implemented into the NBA or a new piece of equipment or a new technology, there is always a transition and adjustment period by players and coaches and anyone involved with the game.;Stu Jackson;technology
As information technology restructures the work situation, it abstracts thought from action.;Shoshana Zuboff;technology
Technology makes the world a new place.;Shoshana Zuboff;technology
Bear in mind North Korea has been the leading source, a leading source of nuclear technology and of missile delivery systems to some of the world's great rogues in Iran and Syria.;Robert McFarlane;technology
People would like better batteries but they are wary of making investments. What is required is both a technology push and a market pull.;Donald Sadoway;technology
They are responsible for starting this relationship and wanting to help Africa. The United States is very well suited for this as they are a country that has the capacity, they have better access to technology and they are a successful country.;Phumzile Mlambo-Ngcuka;technology
Like all tools, modern technology has produced some wonderful moments in music and also some horrors.;Hugh Hopper;technology
Content and technology are strange bed fellows. We are joined together. Sometimes we misunderstand each other. But isn't that after all the definition of marriage?;Howard Stringer;technology
There is no single development, in either technology or management technique, which by itself promises even one order-of-magnitude improvement within a decade in productivity, in reliability, in simplicity.;Frederick P. Brooks, Jr.;technology
Well, the rollout of new technology always affects how wizards do business.;Diane Duane;technology
Every major player is working on this technology of artificial intelligence. As of now, it's benign... but I would say that the day is not far off when artificial intelligence as applied to cyber warfare becomes a threat to everybody.;Ted Bell;technology
Technology is making design more exciting, with color, wallpaper, textures, fabrics that could never have been created without the technology.;David Bromstad;technology
And this is one way to do technology forecasting get a sense of where technology is, and then anticipate the next upturn.;Chris Anderson;technology
The first stage in a technology's advance is that it'll fall below a critical price. After it falls below a critical price, it will tend, if it's successful, to rise above a critical mass, a penetration.;Chris Anderson;technology
And what's interesting about the hybrids taking off is you've now introduced electric motors to the automobile industry. It's the first radical change in automobile technology in 100 years.;Chris Anderson;technology
The intellectual property situation is bad and getting worse. To be a programmer, it requires that you understand as much law as you do technology.;Eric Allman;technology
We need first of all the reform of our justice system. We need reform of the education system, because of quality of education because of innovation and technology. And we need administrative reform. Too much bureaucracy.;Iveta Radicova;technology
I wanted to be a pilot. I loved flying and I loved all the technology and the equipment and the sense of adventure that came with it. I think that feeling still bleeds over into everything I do today.;Graham Brown;technology
India and Japan should develop a complementary relationship in information technology.;Yoshiro Mori;technology
Daoist thought is the root of science and technology in China.;Joseph Needham;technology
Skin has become inadequate in interfacing with reality. Technology has become the body's new membrane of existence.;Nam June Paik;technology
But I don't think we'll go there until we go back to the moon and develop a technology base for living and working and transporting ourselves through space.;Jack Schmitt;technology
Just let me use the technology I want at a fair price.;Jonathan Potter;technology
I don't think people buy technology products because of the personalities of the people behind them.;Jim Balsillie;technology
Being around some of the bright lights of the technology world and having them expect great things helps you sit down and do it seriously.;Aaron Swartz;technology
Technology has changed, and we need to figure out how to improve the archaic way of what makes a hit, or how to determine how many viewers are watching beyond some people with Nielsen boxes in a small percentage of homes in random areas.;Jim Rash;technology
If we had had the right technology back then, you would have seen Eva Braun on the Donahue show and Adolf Hitler on Meet the Press.;Ed Turner;technology
It takes courage to grow up and become who you really are.;e. e. cummings;teen
The greatest day in your life and mine is when we take total responsibility for our attitudes. That's the day we truly grow up.;John C. Maxwell;teen
As a teenager I was so insecure. I was the type of guy that never fitted in because he never dared to choose. I was convinced I had absolutely no talent at all. For nothing. And that thought took away all my ambition too.;Johnny Depp;teen
As a teenager you are at the last stage in your life when you will be happy to hear that the phone is for you.;Fran Lebowitz;teen
We never really grow up, we only learn how to act in public.;Bryan White;teen
Being a teenager is an amazing time and a hard time. It's when you make your best friends - I have girls who will never leave my heart and I still talk to. You get the best and the worst as a teen. You have the best friendships and the worst heartbreaks.;Sophia Bush;teen
Youth is the trustee of prosperity.;Benjamin Disraeli;teen
Adolescents are not monsters. They are just people trying to learn how to make it among the adults in the world, who are probably not so sure themselves.;Virginia Satir;teen
To an adolescent, there is nothing in the world more embarrassing than a parent.;Dave Barry;teen
Heredity is what sets the parents of a teenager wondering about each other.;Laurence J. Peter;teen
Your modern teenager is not about to listen to advice from an old person, defined as a person who remembers when there was no Velcro.;Dave Barry;teen
You have teenagers thinking they're going to make millions as NBA stars when that's not realistic for even 1 percent of them. Becoming a scientist or engineer is.;Dean Kamen;teen
Growing up, I've enjoyed hunting with my father.;Dale Earnhardt;teen
My teenage years were exactly what they were supposed to be. Everybody has their own path. It's laid out for you. It's just up to you to walk it.;Justin Timberlake;teen
Growing up, I didn't have a lot of toys, and personal entertainment depended on individual ingenuity and imagination - think up a story and go live it for an afternoon.;Terry Brooks;teen
I wanted to be with the kind of people I'd grown up with, but you can't go back to them and be one of them again, no matter how hard you try.;Ethel Waters;teen
So many people try to grow up too fast, and it's not fun! You should stay a kid as long as possible!;Vanessa Hudgens;teen
A fairly bright boy is far more intelligent and far better company than the average adult.;John B. S. Haldane;teen
I'm a teenager, but I'm independent - I have my own apartment, I have my own life. And I think I have learned more than any of those teenagers have in school. I learned to be responsible, leaving my family and coming here alone.;Adriana Lima;teen
My kids idea of a hard life is to live in a house with only one phone.;George Foreman;teen
All teenagers have this desire to somehow run away.;Joan Chen;teen
Adolescence is just one big walking pimple.;Carol Burnett;teen
Trouble is, kids feel they have to shock their elders and each generation grows up into something harder to shock.;Ben Lindsey;teen
Growing up, I wanted desperately to please, to be a good girl.;Claire Danes;teen
Children, even infants, are capable of sympathy. But only after adolescence are we capable of compassion.;Louise J. Kaplan;teen
Friendships in childhood are usually a matter of chance, whereas in adolescence they are most often a matter of choice.;David Elkind;teen
Everybody is a teenage idol.;Barry Gibb;teen
I was a quiet teenager, introverted, full of angst.;Nigella Lawson;teen
Well, I could do it for a day, but I wouldn't want to be a teenager again. I really wouldn't.;Jamie Lee Curtis;teen
You've got to grow up sometime.;Winona Ryder;teen
When I was a teenager, I read a lot of Poe.;Dario Argento;teen
Maturity is only a short break in adolescence.;Jules Feiffer;teen
I mean, I'm pretty good in real life, but sometimes people seem surprised that I'm like a normal teenager and wear black nail polish and I'm just a little bit more edgy than the person I play on television.;Brittany Snow;teen
This generation has given up on growth. They're just hoping for survival.;Penelope Spheeris;teen
If you just watch a teenager, you see a lot of uncertainty.;Jamie Lee Curtis;teen
I spent the first fourteen years of my life convinced that my looks were hideous. Adolescence is painful for everyone, I know, but mine was plain weird.;Uma Thurman;teen
Adolescence isn't just about prom or wearing sparkly dresses.;Jena Malone;teen
The most important role models should and could be parents and teachers. But that said, once you're a teenager you've probably gotten as much of an example from your parents as you're going to.;Andrew Shue;teen
Time scoots along pretty fast when you grow up.;Alan Ladd;teen
I think growing up is difficult and it's a process that I'm always interested in, with kids and adults, they are often on two different universes.;Alice Hoffman;teen
Can you imagine young people nowadays making a study of trigonometry for the fun of it? Well I did.;Clyde Tombaugh;teen
I have this sense that I didn't really start growing up until my twenties.;Winona Ryder;teen
I grew up in a house where nobody had to tell me to go to school every day and do my homework.;Constance Baker Motley;teen
I liked being a teenager, but I would not go back for all the tea in China.;Rob Lowe;teen
As I've said many times, the single most oppressed class in America right now is the teenager.;Joe Bob Briggs;teen
I have always had a sense that we are all pretty much alone in life, particularly in adolescence.;Robert Cormier;teen
At the age of 16 I was already dreaming of having a baby because I felt myself to be an adult, but my mum forbid it. Right now, I feel like a teenager and I want to have fun for one or two more years before starting a family.;Milla Jovovich;teen
Teenagers who are never required to vacuum are living in one.;Fred G. Gosman;teen
I got through my teen years by being a bit of a clown.;Diane Cilento;teen
I think there's a time in your life where you don't feel like you fit in. I think everyone has that when you're a teenager, especially, and especially in the society we live in.;Matthew Vaughn;teen
I was a handful growing up.;Olivia Wilde;teen
I think you go through a period as a teenager of being quite cool and unaffected by things.;Miranda Otto;teen
Adolescence is when girls experience social pressure to put aside their authentic selves and to display only a small portion of their gifts.;Mary Pipher;teen
When I look in the mirror I see the girl I was when I was growing up, with braces, crooked teeth, a baby face and a skinny body.;Heather Locklear;teen
But when I was a teenager, the idea of spending the rest of my life in a factory was real depressing. So the idea that I could become a musician opened up some possibilities I didn't see otherwise.;Wayne Kramer;teen
Adolescence is a new birth, for the higher and more completely human traits are now born.;G. Stanley Hall;teen
Teenagers today are more free to be themselves and to accept themselves.;John Knowles;teen
The toddler must say no in order to find out who she is. The adolescent says no to assert who she is not.;Louise J. Kaplan;teen
Adolescence is the conjugator of childhood and adulthood.;Louise J. Kaplan;teen
As a teen, I was both anorexic and bulimic.;Alanis Morissette;teen
Every Teen Challenge ministry is responsible for raising its own finances, but we assist these works with finances, prayer and counseling, especially overseas in areas such as Siberia, Africa, South America.;David Wilkerson;teen
If we as a nation are to break the cycle of poverty, crime and the growing underclass of young people ill equipped to be productive citizens, we need to not only implement effective programs to prevent teen pregnancy, but we must also help those who have already given birth so that they become effective, nurturing, bonding parents.;Jane Fonda;teen
I was a teen star. That's disgusting enough.;John Cusack;teen
If a movie isn't a hit right out of the gate, they drop it. Which means that the whole mainstream Hollywood product has been skewed toward violence and vulgar teen comedy.;Roger Ebert;teen
We won a contest at the teen fair in Vancouver and the first prize was a recording contract and we recorded at a radio station on the stairway, and we did a record and it got put out.;Tommy Chong;teen
I instinctively dress a bit tougher because I've spent a lot of time in the U.S. and I realised there was a certain image projected of me here. I've always been an absolute rebel. When I was in my teen years I had piercings and wore all black.;Ellie Goulding;teen
I wasn't going to have fun doing a teen movie again.;Heath Ledger;teen
I'd never made a teen comedy in my life.;Harvey Weinstein;teen
I hate it when people call me a teen queen.;Lindsay Lohan;teen
The Teen Challenge ministry was born out of those humble early days of ministry. It now includes over 500 drug and alcohol rehab centers around the world, even in Muslim countries. These include homes for girls and women addicts and alcoholics, all which are reaching many.;David Wilkerson;teen
As a precocious teen I dreamed of being Graham Greene. Well, as it turned out, I never wrote a great novel, sadly, and I never converted to Catholicism, happily, but I did do one thing he did. That is, in middle age I moved to a seaside town and got into a right barney with the local powers-that-be.;Julie Burchill;teen
Children born to teens have less supportive and stimulating environments, poorer health, lower cognitive development, and worse educational outcomes. Children of teen mothers are at increased risk of being in foster care and becoming teen parents themselves, thereby repeating the cycle.;Jane Fonda;teen
It's about time we make the well-being of our young people more important than ideology and politics. As a country, we benefit from investing in their future by investing in teen pregnancy prevention.;Jane Fonda;teen
Doesn't matter whether it's a teen girl who's pregnant, hasn't told her parents, or an elderly couple dealing with one of them being diagnosed with Alzheimer's. Those are real people to me. Those are the people I dealt with every single day.;Mike Huckabee;teen
They were marketing me as a teen idol, when the stuff on the record was not what teen idols were doing at the time.;Rick Springfield;teen
I was a happy kid up until I hit the teen years.;Rick Springfield;teen
When I was a teenager I would lock myself in the bathroom for hours, bouffanting my hair like Patty Duke and trying to recreate Barbra Streisand's flawless eyeliner, only to comb it all out and wash it all off before stepping out into the world a butchish bisexual teen.;Beth Ditto;teen
Before my teen years, I was losing my hearing pretty quickly, and I was getting very, very angry. I was beginning to become an angry person because of that.;Evelyn Glennie;teen
Teen pop will never die as long as there are teens and popular music. It just takes a different head.;Justin Timberlake;teen
The Teen Challenge Training Center on Pennsylvania farmland houses over 200 men in rehab. Other farms and centers have been birthed out of this ministry all over the world.;David Wilkerson;teen
I am not officially involved now in the direction of the Teen Challenge ministry, but I rejoice that God permits me to be the father of these ministries.;David Wilkerson;teen
When I found out I had to take off my shirt in 'Teen' movie, I panicked and hit the gym. I was like, 'It's going to be on film, documented, for my children to see. I can't be 140 pounds. I need to put on a little bit of muscle.';Chris Evans;teen
I fell in love with Erica Kane the summer before my freshman year of high school. Like all red-blooded teen American boys, I'd come home from water polo practice and eat a box of Entenmann's Pop'Ems donut holes in front of the TV while obsessively fawning over 'All My Children' and Erica, her clothes, and her narcissistic attitude.;Andy Cohen;teen
When I started out as a music journalist, at the end of the 1980s, it was generally assumed that we were living through the lamest music era the world would ever see. But those were also the years when hip-hop exploded, beatbox disco soared, indie rock took off, and new wave invented a language of teen angst.;Rob Sheffield;teen
I found my niche as a character actor, and I've never felt like a movie star or teen idol and never wanted to.;Vincent D'Onofrio;teen
I was into all kinds of music as a teen - country music, because my dad was in a band that played country, and whatever my sister and brother were into.;Martina McBride;teen
I didn't want to be the typical teen idol. I didn't want to be Leif Garrett. I didn't want to be Shaun Cassidy, David Cassidy or Parker Stevenson. I wanted to do my own thing.;Willie Aames;teen
I definitely think there could be stricter teen driving laws.;Victoria Justice;teen
To even be called the 'teen queen' is crazy.;Victoria Justice;teen
Being a teen can be tough. Just try to surround yourself with really good friends that really have your back, and also be a really good friend to those who really care about you. If you're not sure about certain things, talk to your friends that you trust and your family.;Victoria Justice;teen
I think there are worse things for a teen to be enraptured with than 'Twilight.';Stephen Moyer;teen
Being a teen idol is what I've waited for my whole life.;Sarah Michelle Gellar;teen
I played teen roles until high definition came out, and I could never understand it. I would go in for adult roles and be older than many of the people auditioning, but they'd cast the girl without a line on her face.;Selma Blair;teen
At the time I came along, Hollywood's idea of teen movies meant there had to be a lot of nudity, usually involving boys in pursuit of sex, and pretty gross overall. Either that or a horror movie. And the last thing Hollywood wanted in their teen movies was teenagers!;John Hughes;teen
I had teen angst for a while, but I think every teenager has the angst.;Jamie Bell;teen
I remember the first time I saw the 'Smells Like Teen Spirit' video. I will never forget that day. I just wanted to see Kurt Cobain's face. I had a feeling he was very cute. But, I couldn't see his face. When I finally did see him, he was even cuter than I imagined!;Shakira;teen
'Teen Moms!' I started watching them like the first two seasons, and I stopped. I stopped because they are too young. I feel sorry for them. And I didn't watch that show 'Hoarders.' That thing would made my skin crawl.;NeNe Leakes;teen
I had no idea of the size of my bank account as a teen, and I didn't care to know. That was my mom's job, I figured that I would just find out when I turned 18. If you can't trust your mom, then who can you trust?;Anna Chlumsky;teen
I was never interested in 'Teen Beat' like roles. I just wanted to work.;Jared Leto;teen
I think anybody who's doing work in their teen years on TV or in the movies, you're a teen idol by default.;Jason Bateman;teen
If you can get a teen leader in each sector of a student population, you can pull people in. Everybody wants to get involved, but most are too afraid. When they see a person they think is cool leading it, they're first to join.;Andrew Shue;teen
I don't know if this is too weird to say, but this is completely surreal for me. Bizarre. The cover of 'Teen Vogue' has been on my bucket list forever.;Lily Collins;teen
If you told me when I was a teen that I would end up being a teacher, I would have said you're out of your mind, because quite frankly I hated school.;Tim Gunn;teen
I did try to get a few of those teen high-school movies, but they just didn't like me. I guess I wasn't a certain type.;Leelee Sobieski;teen
Since my teen years I was interested in martial arts.;Tony Visconti;teen
We don't tend to write about disease in fiction - not just teen novels but all American novels - because it doesn't fit in with our idea of the heroic romantic epic. There is room only for sacrifice, heroism, war, politics and family struggle.;John Green;teen
In the Top 40, half the songs are secret messages to the teen world to drop out, turn on, and groove with the chemicals and light shows at discotheques.;Art Linkletter;teen
I saw myself as an outsider as a teen. I was home-schooled and got my G.E.D. when I was 16 I wasn't interested in high school at all and figured that college might be more entertaining.;Maggie Stiefvater;teen
When I was a teen, I thought I would have to choose between my writing or my music or my art, but it turns out it's a difficult juggling game but I can do all of them.;Maggie Stiefvater;teen
I don't like being compared to anyone or being in a class with someone. I'm a teen actress and therefore I'm competing against Hilary Duff. We're different people like everyone else.;Amanda Bynes;teen
I really liked 'Starter For Ten' because I grew up watching 1980s teen films like 'St. Elmo's Fire' and 'The Breakfast Club' and I've always wanted to play the underdog lead hero in a 1980s-inspired film.;James McAvoy;teen
Most of the offers I get from Hollywood are for teen comedies. My manager thinks I'm crazy for turning down all that money, but I'm very picky.;Macaulay Culkin;teen
Teen drug use went up dramatically in the 1990s.;John Walters;teen
Research shows that parents are the single biggest influence on children - if you are worried about your teen and drugs, talk to them.;John Walters;teen
I think I'm also more open to other writers being present and listening to other opinions, whereas before I was going through my angsty teen years while making records.;Michelle Branch;teen
Teen movies often have an unspoken underlying premise in which high school is seen as less serious than the adult world. But when your head is encased in that microcosm it's the most serious time of your life.;Rian Johnson;teen
I have been in teen shows for years, so doing that stuff - kissing - is kind of commonplace and not a big deal. It was way more cool just because it was Meg Ryan.;Adam Brody;teen
Well, I actually first got into music as a small child, and as I became a teen, I sought out making money from music, weather that was singing lounge gigs, backup in studios, or weddings.;Chantal Kreviazuk;teen
Final Destination was the closest thing I've done to a teen movie but it certainly had an edge to it.;Devon Sawa;teen
Frank Sinatra is the only one that went from teen idol to superstar.;Leif Garrett;teen
Yeah, I spent my teen years in West Virginia, and when I was a kid, in Louisiana. I definitely have that exposure to two different sorts of rural: the South and Appalachia.;Sam Trammell;teen
I'd like a pop-up magazine with 45 articles on Russell Crowe. I'm like a teenager. I'd have 'Teen Beat' if I could, for grown-ups.;Caroline Rhea;teen
If you try to bring 'teen drama,' you end up doing nothing but pouting.;Max Irons;teen
Writing a teen character is something I wanted to try again for a long time!;Emily Giffin;teen
I decided that, if I were to write a teen series, I'd want to set it in a place that was familiar to me - Manhattan, where I'd grown up - and I'd model the characters on myself and my friends.;Cecily von Ziegesar;teen
To be honest, I haven't seen a lot of the current crop of teen movies because there's only so much time and there's nothing that really drives me to do it.;Curtis Armstrong;teen
I don't want to just be in the normal kind of teen movie.;Stephen Dorff;teen
Material Girls was so different for me, I'd never done a teen movie.;Lukas Haas;teen
I think I am too old to be doing teen movies. I am just kind of annoyed, because you have all these teen movies coming out with usually either Lindsay Lohan or Hilary Duff doing four of the exact teen movies over and over again.;Alexa Vega;teen
Yes, but I don't think of the Teen Angel as of an age.;Frankie Avalon;teen
I love the live performances and Las Vegas. I also like making films that are being discovered by another generation. Having been a teen idol of the '60s is great because you realize you left your generation with a smile and good memories.;Connie Stevens;teen
I see it as more of a teenage activity than, you know, she's only 11, but you know, I think it's great that she knows so many girls who want to play music. And I see it more as a teen activity than I do as going into music.;Kim Gordon;teen
I don't think there's a problem with being a teen idol, if that happens to me, I'll be happy to deal with it.;Josh Hartnett;teen
I'm so fascinated by the concept of teen pregnancy for some reason. Not that I condone it or promote it, but it's just a very real thing in our country and culture.;Leven Rambin;teen
I've never done a teen movie before, but I certainly could tell you some of the ones I came very close on. I was very close on Clueless and She's All That.;Mia Kirshner;teen
I take mentoring very seriously and I am on the board of an organization called Girls Write Now, where we match teen girls and writing mentors because it changes their lives.;Tayari Jones;teen
When I was growing up, particularly during puberty in my teen years, I was so miserable because I elicited so much teasing and meanness from my teenage cohorts.;Linda Hunt;teen
I did work at a mall in college - I think retail/customer service is just one of the most hideous jobs in the world. So I always try to be extra nice when I go into a store. But malls are part of our culture, if you watched any teen comedy in the '80s. it's clear that malls are where we live!;Jayma Mays;teen
I don't want to be a 'teen star' because so many people don't ever grow out of that.;Lacey Chabert;teen
The distinction has blurred between young adult and adult books. Some of the teen books have become more sophisticated.;Ann Brashares;teen
I remember as a teen being able to eat more than my father. I was growing so fast and my body couldn't keep up.;Saskia de Brauw;teen
Honestly, I never thought I'd actually be playing a teen lesbian. I didn't think it was going to go this far. But I'm glad that it did, because there have been a lot of fans who have expressed that they've been going through similar situations in their lives.;Naya Rivera;teen
Maybe that's the whole teen oeuvre, you know covering people in disgusting bodily fluids and whatnot.;Rider Strong;teen
I'm pretty sure this is it for the teen movie thing. It's so frustrating to read when you get to page 20 and you're like, Oy! It's the same thing again!;Marla Sokoloff;teen
Being a teen is past for me. Worrying about the world and my place in it is not.;Ally Condie;teen
You need to know what makes artists tick. Having been through the process myself as a musician, since I was an early teen, gave me an advantage - understanding them from their point of view, because it's about them, it's not about you - it's their vision and what they're capable of achieving, and you're the conduit.;Tommy Mottola;teen
I love being a part of Aqua Teen.;Dana Snyder;teen
I was a teen idol and that has a short shelf life.;Shaun Cassidy;teen
Just because you have teenagers in a movie doesn't make it a teen movie.;Brendan Fehr;teen
I progressed through so many different styles of music through my teen years, both as a player and a vocalist, particularly the jazz and pop of the early 20th Century.;Jeff Healey;teen
When you rise in the morning, give thanks for the light, for your life, for your strength. Give thanks for your food and for the joy of living. If you see no reason to give thanks, the fault lies in yourself.;Tecumseh;thankful
Be true to yourself, help others, make each day your masterpiece, make friendship a fine art, drink deeply from good books - especially the Bible, build a shelter against a rainy day, give thanks for your blessings and pray for guidance every day.;John Wooden;thankful
When you practice gratefulness, there is a sense of respect toward others.;Dalai Lama;thankful
Sometimes our light goes out but is blown into flame by another human being. Each of us owes deepest thanks to those who have rekindled this light.;Albert Schweitzer;thankful
Appreciation is the highest form of prayer, for it acknowledges the presence of good wherever you shine the light of your thankful thoughts.;Alan Cohen;thankful
I am thankful for laughter, except when milk comes out of my nose.;Woody Allen;thankful
The unthankful heart... discovers no mercies but let the thankful heart sweep through the day and, as the magnet finds the iron, so it will find, in every hour, some heavenly blessings!;Henry Ward Beecher;thankful
Some people are always grumbling because roses have thorns I am thankful that thorns have roses.;Alphonse Karr;thankful
I would maintain that thanks are the highest form of thought, and that gratitude is happiness doubled by wonder.;Gilbert K. Chesterton;thankful
Keep your eyes open to your mercies. The man who forgets to be thankful has fallen asleep in life.;Robert Louis Stevenson;thankful
It is another's fault if he be ungrateful, but it is mine if I do not give. To find one thankful man, I will oblige a great many that are not so.;Lucius Annaeus Seneca;thankful
Thankfulness is the beginning of gratitude. Gratitude is the completion of thankfulness. Thankfulness may consist merely of words. Gratitude is shown in acts.;Henri Frederic Amiel;thankful
God has two dwellings one in heaven, and the other in a meek and thankful heart.;Izaak Walton;thankful
Old age is not a matter for sorrow. It is matter for thanks if we have left our work done behind us.;Thomas Carlyle;thankful
I am what I am, I'm doing very well in my life, and I'm thankful to God for that.;LL Cool J;thankful
Thanks to television, for the first time the young are seeing history made before it is censored by their elders.;Margaret Mead;thankful
I'm thankful for serendipitous moments in my life, where things could've gone the other way.;Rick Springfield;thankful
I'm thankful to be breathing, on this side of the grass. Whatever comes, comes.;Ron Perlman;thankful
It's been quite a roller coaster ride, but I've grown and learned a lot about myself. The greatest thing is being able to interact with fans and touch people's lives... for that I give thanks.;Christina Aguilera;thankful
Unseasonable kindness gets no thanks.;Thomas Fuller;thankful
Every day I've got to be thankful that I am alive, and you never know - the cliche is, I guess, you could get hit by a bus tomorrow, so you'd better be at peace with whatever you got going at the moment.;Joseph Gordon-Levitt;thankful
From too much love of living, From hope and fear set free, We thank with brief thanksgiving Whatever gods may be That no life lives for ever That dead men rise up never That even the weariest river Winds somewhere safe to sea.;Algernon Charles Swinburne;thankful
I am thankful, of course, for the prize and thankful to God for each story, each idea, each word, each day.;Isaac Bashevis Singer;thankful
Thank God we're living in a country where the sky's the limit, the stores are open late and you can shop in bed thanks to television.;Joan Rivers;thankful
Thank you, dear God, for this good life and forgive us if we do not love it enough. Thank you for the rain. And for the chance to wake up in three hours and go fishing: I thank you for that now, because I won't feel so thankful then.;Garrison Keillor;thankful
As we look forward to freedom, the shining city on the hill and the best days of America lying ahead, it is the men and women in uniform who protect, defend and make us proud to whom we should look and give thanks every night.;Robin Hayes;thankful
I do not so much rejoice that God hath made me to be a Queen, as to be a Queen over so thankful a people.;Elizabeth I;thankful
Most people repent their sins by thanking God they ain't so wicked as their neighbors.;Josh Billings;thankful
No duty is more urgent than that of returning thanks.;James Allen;thankful
I say grace. I'm a big believer in grace. I happen to believe in a God that made all the food and so I'm pretty grateful for that and I thank him for that. But I'm also thankful for the people that put the food on the table.;Alton Brown;thankful
All I ever wanted really, and continue to want out of life, is to give 100 percent to whatever I'm doing and to be committed to whatever I'm doing and then let the results speak for themselves. Also to never take myself or people for granted and always be thankful and grateful to the people who helped me.;Jackie Joyner-Kersee;thankful
I'm thankful to my family, friends, and fans for all of their support.;Serena Williams;thankful
I wouldn't change anything. I've made mistakes, but thanks to those mistakes, I've learned.;Enrique Iglesias;thankful
I'm very thankful to be doing what I'm doing. I feel very blessed.;Justin Timberlake;thankful
Thanks to the Interstate Highway System, it is now possible to travel across the country from coast to coast without seeing anything.;Charles Kuralt;thankful
Certainly my parents were a huge influence. They always expected the most out of all of us. And expected us to do our very best. I'm thankful to them for allowing me to do what I wanted to do.;Laurel Clark;thankful
Sometimes we need to remind ourselves that thankfulness is indeed a virtue.;William Bennett;thankful
Look folks, we know who built this country and we know who is going to rebuild it. It's you. Instead of vilifying you, we should be thanking you. We owe you.;Joe Biden;thankful
I'd like to say to all my fans out there, thanks for the support. And to all my doubters, thank you very much because you guys have also pushed me.;Usain Bolt;thankful
When you read a piece of writing that you admire, send a note of thanks to the author.;Sherman Alexie;thankful
Such lovely warmth of thought and delicacy of colour are beyond all praise, and equally beyond all thanks!;Marie Corelli;thankful
Like Christ said, love thee one another. I learned to do that, and I learned to respect and be appreciative and thankful for what I had.;James Brown;thankful
I'm thankful for weird people out there 'cause they're some of the most creative people.;Channing Tatum;thankful
Every one of our greatest national treasures, our liberty, enterprise, vitality, wealth, military power, global authority, flow from a surprising source: our ability to give thanks.;Tony Snow;thankful
I am going to spend my time today just thanking the people that played a role in my career, because I truly do believe that I was blessed by a lot of people that paths crossed mine as I went down the road in my career.;Nolan Ryan;thankful
I don't need a holiday or a feast to feel grateful for my children, the sun, the moon, the roof over my head, music, and laughter, but I like to take this time to take the path of thanks less traveled.;Paula Poundstone;thankful
The first thing I do when I start my day is, I get down on my hands and knees and give thanks to God. Whenever I go outside of my house, the first thing I do is stop at the church.;Mark Wahlberg;thankful
Should it happen tomorrow, I would fall to my knees to give thanks to God for such a career.;Placido Domingo;thankful
I'm really looking forward to the Hall of Fame ceremonies. It's going to be unbelievable - just crazy. I'm looking forward to thanking all the fans for inspiring me to go out there and play my best football each and every game.;Jerry Rice;thankful
Let a nation's fervent thanks make some amends for the toils and sufferings of those who survive.;Edward Everett;thankful
I'm so thankful for the active obedience of Christ. No hope without it.;John Gresham Machen;thankful
I am thankful I can see much to admire in all religions.;Alfred Russel Wallace;thankful
We sing a little song before we eat, a little blessing before we eat, and it's really - we're thanking the Lord and the Earth for the food that we eat, and it really brings you together in a profound kind of way.;Phil Lesh;thankful
The act is unjustifiable that either begs for a blessing, or, having succeeded gives no thanksgiving.;Merle Shain;thankful
In everyone's life, at some time, our inner fire goes out. It is then burst into flame by an encounter with another human being. We should all be thankful for those people who rekindle the inner spirit.;Albert Schweitzer;thankful
Be thankful for what you have you'll end up having more. If you concentrate on what you don't have, you will never, ever have enough.;Oprah Winfrey;thankful
The thankful receiver bears a plentiful harvest.;William Blake;thankful
In this world of sin and sorrow there is always something to be thankful for as for me, I rejoice that I am not a Republican.;H. L. Mencken;thankful
Be thankful we're not getting all the government we're paying for.;Will Rogers;thankful
Thanksgiving is a time when the world gets to see just how blessed and how workable the Christian system is. The emphasis is not on giving or buying, but on being thankful and expressing that appreciation to God and to one another.;John Clayton;thankful
If you are really thankful, what do you do? You share.;W. Clement Stone;thankful
I'm thankful for the incredible advances in medicine that have taken place during my lifetime. I almost certainly wouldn't still be here if it weren't for them.;Billy Graham;thankful
The children have been a wonderful gift to me, and I'm thankful to have once again seen our world through their eyes. They restore my faith in the family's future.;Jackie Kennedy;thankful
We can be thankful to a friend for a few acres, or a little money and yet for the freedom and command of the whole earth, and for the great benefits of our being, our life, health, and reason, we look upon ourselves as under no obligation.;Lucius Annaeus Seneca;thankful
For what I have received may the Lord make me truly thankful. And more truly for what I have not received.;Storm Jameson;thankful
Be thankful for problems. If they were less difficult, someone with less ability might have your job.;James A. Lovell;thankful
I'm thankful for every moment.;Al Green;thankful
I am thankful the most important key in history was invented. It's not the key to your house, your car, your boat, your safety deposit box, your bike lock or your private community. It's the key to order, sanity, and peace of mind. The key is 'Delete.';Elayne Boosler;thankful
If a fellow isn't thankful for what he's got, he isn't likely to be thankful for what he's going to get.;Frank A. Clark;thankful
As a child, I didn't know what I didn't have. I'm thankful for the challenges early on in my life because now I have a perspective on the world and kind of know what's important.;America Ferrera;thankful
I realized this is what God has dealt me, and I should be thankful considering all that's happened to me in my life, but MS caused the movies to stop - stop dead - and I miss it.;Richard Pryor;thankful
I'm thankful I grew up the way I did. It made me a hard worker and insightful to other people's lives.;Rachel Roy;thankful
I realize how unique my path has been. And I'm thankful for that.;Vanessa Paradis;thankful
I'm thankful for all the things that this job has given me and my family. But probably the thing that I am most proud of throughout my career is that, not only myself, but my family and the people around me have just been regular people, which we are.;Brett Favre;thankful
We in the United States should be all the more thankful for the freedom and religious tolerance we enjoy. And we should always remember the lessons learned from the Holocaust, in hopes we stay vigilant against such inhumanity now and in the future.;Charlie Dent;thankful
I am thankful that geniuses and artists and good people, no matter how hard it is, will eventually be recognized. I am doubly thankful that also goes for idiots.;Elayne Boosler;thankful
I am thankful I was born in America, although if I gain any more weight the burqa thing may start to seem like a good idea to me. See? Another plus about America, you can always find some food.;Elayne Boosler;thankful
I'm thankful for the three ounce Ziploc bag, so that I have somewhere to put my savings.;Paula Poundstone;thankful
We can always find something to be thankful for, and there may be reasons why we ought to be thankful for even those dispensations which appear dark and frowning.;Albert Barnes;thankful
I am incredibly thankful for the strong support I have from my peers in the industry and of course my amazing fans.;Miranda Lambert;thankful
I have a fine level of recognition in the business and among the acting community now, so I consider myself one of the lucky ones. If I didn't think that, there would be something wrong with me. I'm grateful and thankful for what I've got.;Philip Seymour Hoffman;thankful
Even now, when I try and think of band names just randomly, I'm so thankful that 'fun.' is the name of the band. I never really think twice about it. It is so simple and so easy.;Nate Ruess;thankful
I want to let my fans get to know a little about me. I'm very thankful for everything they've done for me so, of course, I'm going to let them into my world a bit. But I really am a very private person, and I love kepping my life to myself - that's how I've always been.;Vanessa Hudgens;thankful
He enjoys much who is thankful for little.;Thomas Secker;thankful
The 'Night Train' has already been a crazy ride for me. We flew around making TV appearances and stadium announcements all over the country, fueled by little more than coffee and adrenaline... so many fans jumped on board with us, and I couldn't be more thankful.;Jason Aldean;thankful
Drink and be thankful to the host! What seems insignificant when you have it, is important when you need it.;Franz Grillparzer;thankful
My biggest fear ever is to be involved in a plane crash, so when that happened... well, I'm just thankful to be alive. I'm just grateful to be here at all.;Travis Barker;thankful
I'm thankful for my songs being at the top of the charts but I am human - I think people still have to remember that.;Delta Goodrem;thankful
I get along very well with the cast of '30 Rock.' I guess I bring a certain quirkiness to the show as well. I'm just thankful they keep asking me. I didn't think I was going to be asked back so every time they say, 'We want you back,' I'm screaming. I'm jumping up and down and screaming.;Sherri Shepherd;thankful
I feel like I still am struggling in a lot of different ways. I still have to fight for certain things. Certain jobs. At least I'm working and I'm thankful for that.;Gina Gershon;thankful
I'm just very thankful. And I say that a lot because that's the most important message.;Pharrell Williams;thankful
I learn more with every job, and I'm very thankful for where I am.;Liam Hemsworth;thankful
China has not established the rule of law and if there is a power above the law there is no social justice. Everybody can be subjected to harm. I'm just a citizen: my life is equal in value to any other. But I'm thankful that when I lost my freedom so many people shared feelings and put such touching effort into helping me.;Ai Weiwei;thankful
I bless God for this retirement: I never was more thankful for any thing than I have been of late for the necessity I am under of self-denial in many respects.;David Brainerd;thankful
I'm thankful that my memory is good because my vision is going.;Paula Poundstone;thankful
I'm thankful for Sarah Palin's vice presidential bid, which taught us that Alaska is not in a box off the coast of California.;Paula Poundstone;thankful
I'm thankful for the work that feminists like Gloria Steinem have done. I am a feminist, but the geography for women today is vastly different than it was in the '60s.;Amber Heard;thankful
There was no instruction to be thankful that the Christians were special people, chosen people. There was no nationalistic, political or ethnic superiority to be thankful for.;John Clayton;thankful
I think my mother is my biggest influence. There are so many things I hate about her but at the same time I'm thankful for her. All I know is that when I'm a parent I want to be just like my mom. I can talk to my mom more than any of my friends could talk to their parents.;Nikki Reed;thankful
I'm so happy and thankful I made it a point be a stay-at-home mom.;Candace Cameron Bure;thankful
There's no ex out there who I'm not friends with today, and I'm extremely thankful for that.;Taylor Lautner;thankful
I feel so thankful that I'm able to be a part of something that I love to wake up and run to work every day.;Alexander Wang;thankful
And I'm very surprised that all this stuff actually worked out to where I could have a career in film, gain the benefit of my education, and be thankful that I was able to break into my craft as an actor.;Terrence Howard;thankful
I am both honored and blessed to have had such a wonderful career with the L.A. Galaxy and I am thankful for everything the club, the fans and the community has done for me and my family.;Cobi Jones;thankful
I think there is a difference between Slate and Salon. I think we both serve important functions on the Internet. As more and more Websites disappear, I'm thankful Slate is still around because it makes things less lonely.;David Talbot;thankful
If I can do one hundredth part for the Indian that Mrs. Stowe did for the Negro, I will be thankful.;Helen Hunt Jackson;thankful
If I could write a story that would do for the Indian one-hundredth part what 'Uncle Tom's Cabin' did for the Negro, I would be thankful the rest of my life.;Helen Hunt Jackson;thankful
We have to be thankful to the Czechs that they did their duty. The Czech Republic won, I can't believe it. It was a huge party with all the people here.;Ruud van Nistelrooy;thankful
I love going to Africa and stuff. I love going anywhere, really, but I've been to Africa a bunch of times and it's just a beautiful place that needs help, obviously, but helping people that are really thankful is really easy to do. And the people out there always seem so thankful.;Kris Allen;thankful
I had the pleasure, as Robin said, to live a childhood dream as many young Americans and Puerto Rican children live that play youth baseball. And I feel honored and very thankful for that opportunity.;Nolan Ryan;thankful
I've got tapes that I'm so thankful that my father made - old reel-to-reel tapes. I've got a ton of those things at home. He kept those like fine diamonds, I mean he kept them, you know, in a box and was very, very careful of them, you know.;Ricky Skaggs;thankful
I've been very fortunate. I feel very thankful. I've been able to come home and do some fun things and make it exciting for people here at home.;Roger Clemens;thankful
I was in the postseason twice and I'm thankful for that.;Ryne Sandberg;thankful
I'm very humbled and honored. I'm very thankful to the Asian-American Community for all their support!;Jeremy Lin;thankful
The truth is, after Boys Don't Cry, I realized how few and far between the great roles are. I am beyond thankful for finding Million Dollar Baby.;Hilary Swank;thankful
I'm thankful for not ever taking anything illegal.;Pedro Martinez;thankful
I know for me like I have a reputation of being kind of tough, I have a reputation of also being the girl next door, kind of sweet but I have standards and my thing is, it's me on that screen and I don't have control over everything in this and I'm grateful and thankful.;Nia Long;thankful
I'm very thankful to players like John Stockton and Spud Webb. They've made it possible for someone like me to make it. I think teams are actually looking for one player under 6-feet now, because they make things happen.;Scott Brooks;thankful
I am a big defender of 'Harry Potter,' and I think any book that gets kids to read are books that we should cherish, we should be thankful for them.;Judy Blume;thankful
I'm just really thankful to have the chance to portray a character you don't see every day.;Regina King;thankful
I am very thankful and blessed to have a healthy and happy baby boy and baby mama.;Eric Church;thankful
I'm thankful that I have lived long enough to become a legend, and I hope I deserve it.;Ralph Stanley;thankful
There's a lot of women in the WNBA. There's a lot of women who could be here. To be voted by the fans says a lot - that people are aware of what's going on. I'm really thankful. I think they just really appreciate my talent so I'm definitely grateful.;Lisa Leslie;thankful
I'm really thankful to God, man. Like now, I'm really making a real comeback with my group. With or without a record, with or without a movie. And behind all the negative press behind this movie.;Ike Turner;thankful
I've had bad jobs. Now I have a good one. I'm thankful.;Maurice Greene;thankful
I've been allowed to grow over the past twenty years. I've managed to avoid being trapped in one moment of my career and for that, I'm very thankful.;Giovanni Ribisi;thankful
And I'm so thankful that I've been allowed to show another side of Trish.;Trish Stratus;thankful
As both a local resident and a parent with a CF-afflicted child, I'm thankful for companies like Canon, Chase and Outback who believe that giving back to the community is critical to their role as corporate citizens.;Boomer Esiason;thankful
I'm really thankful and complimented when people come to me and say, thank you for the great times for all these years. But I don't think about it as being a leader.;Bill Kreutzmann;thankful
A federal judge did as he was supposed to do and upheld the Constitution. We should be thankful that we have judiciary that will do that.;Michael Newdow;thankful
I am most thankful to Almighty Providence for mercies received, and determined still to press the case into public notice as a token of gratitude.;William Banting;thankful
I still don't look at myself as a star. I've always had a thankful heart.;Brenda Lee;thankful
I'm just thankful to have a tour and work something I can focus on.;Jerry Cantrell;thankful
I have spent over 60 years bent over a guitar and to know that I wrote 70 compositions that masters have recorded, that makes me feel so good and full, and proud and thankful to the good Lord.;Jerry Reed;thankful
Look, if I ever stop being grateful for gigs, I just need to stop. Because this business is... you know, it's just so kind of job-to-job, and the fact that I've continued working... I'm just incredibly thankful for it. And I never, ever take it for granted.;Tony Hale;thankful
I will forever be thankful to the Malawians and international community, and my professional army and army general, who said: 'No, we will follow the constitution.' That's why I'm here.;Joyce Banda;thankful
It feels great to win and I can't be more thankful to the Lord for walking me through every step. God was and is so faithful every time.;Webb Simpson;thankful
I'm so thankful for the Internet because actors and singers and performers now have a way to connect with their fans on a very personal level which I think is quite special.;Ariana Grande;thankful
I am very proud of my mom and consider her the most courageous woman I know. With perseverance, sacrifice and hard work, she raised a family of Olympic athletes and gave us the tools and the spirit to succeed. That is something that my brothers and I will always be thankful for.;Diana Lopez;thankful
I'm thankful to get the opportunity to direct. I hope I don't mess it up.;Mark Harmon;thankful
Working on 'Gossip Girl' was a fantastic experience. It was my first real gig and I'm thankful for it - I got to learn a lot. I'm glad I got to explore getting comfortable in my own shoes in the background on a show like 'Gossip Girl.';Dreama Walker;thankful
But I'm very thankful that no one is slamming my head against the wall anymore.;Harry Anderson;thankful
As the daughter of a 25-year veteran of the armed forces, I am incredibly thankful for the sacrifices our women and men have made in Iraq, and continue to make in Afghanistan.;Barbara Lee;thankful
Eventually I booked a 2-line role on a show called 'JAG' and slowly the parts got bigger and better. I'm very thankful that I had to appreciate how difficult the business is before I had any kind of success.;Samuel Witwer;thankful
We have to be thankful considering our number as a family we enjoy very good health generally but you may be sure me and my partner have quite enough to exercise our minds and occupy our attention.;John Hawley;thankful
I went from not knowing anything to becoming really curious and wanting to know and respecting people in the industry, realizing how hard they work. I will always be thankful for 'Top Model' for that.;Fatima Siad;thankful
I've done it all. I'm thankful and proud of what I've accomplished in my life. I hope to keep doing it.;Ralph Stanley;thankful
This little kid pointed at me and said, 'You look disgusting!' That was the first time I thought maybe I did. I decided I'd better start eating. I'm just thankful that I made it through with relatively few scars.;Susan Dey;thankful
The worst moment for the atheist is when he is really thankful and has nobody to thank.;Dante Gabriel Rossetti;thankful
All of us, who are members of the Germanic peoples, can be happy and thankful that once in thousands of years fate has given us, from among the Germanic peoples, such a genius, a leader, our Fuehrer Adolf Hitler, and you should be happy to be allowed to work with us.;Heinrich Himmler;thankful
Let him who would enjoy a good future waste none of his present.;Roger Babson;time
The best thing about the future is that it comes one day at a time.;Abraham Lincoln;time
Lost time is never found again.;Benjamin Franklin;time
Patience and time do more than strength or passion.;Jean de La Fontaine;time
The future is something which everyone reaches at the rate of 60 minutes an hour, whatever he does, whoever he is.;C. S. Lewis;time
If you don't have time to do it right, when will you have time to do it over?;John Wooden;time
Time is the coin of your life. It is the only coin you have, and only you can determine how it will be spent. Be careful lest you let other people spend it for you.;Carl Sandburg;time
Time is money.;Benjamin Franklin;time
You may delay, but time will not.;Benjamin Franklin;time
We are time's subjects, and time bids be gone.;William Shakespeare;time
Time has been transformed, and we have changed it has advanced and set us in motion it has unveiled its face, inspiring us with bewilderment and exhilaration.;Khalil Gibran;time
We must use time wisely and forever realize that the time is always ripe to do right.;Nelson Mandela;time
Waste your money and you're only out of money, but waste your time and you've lost a part of your life.;Michael LeBoeuf;time
Time is what we want most, but what we use worst.;William Penn;time
Everything happens to everybody sooner or later if there is time enough.;George Bernard Shaw;time
Time is but the stream I go a-fishing in.;Henry David Thoreau;time
Time changes everything except something within us which is always surprised by change.;Thomas Hardy;time
You can never plan the future by the past.;Edmund Burke;time
It is strange that the years teach us patience that the shorter our time, the greater our capacity for waiting.;Elizabeth Taylor;time
Until you value yourself, you won't value your time. Until you value your time, you will not do anything with it.;M. Scott Peck;time
Yesterday's the past, tomorrow's the future, but today is a gift. That's why it's called the present.;Bil Keane;time
Time = Life, Therefore, waste your time and waste of your life, or master your time and master your life.;Alan Lakein;time
For disappearing acts, it's hard to beat what happens to the eight hours supposedly left after eight of sleep and eight of work.;Doug Larson;time
It is my feeling that Time ripens all things with Time all things are revealed Time is the father of truth.;Francois Rabelais;time
I must govern the clock, not be governed by it.;Golda Meir;time
What then is time? If no one asks me, I know what it is. If I wish to explain it to him who asks, I do not know.;Saint Augustine;time
In all our deeds, the proper value and respect for time determines success or failure.;Malcolm X;time
Day, n. A period of twenty-four hours, mostly misspent.;Ambrose Bierce;time
The time I kill is killing me.;Mason Cooley;time
Time moves in one direction, memory in another.;William Gibson;time
Know how to live the time that is given you.;Dario Fo;time
Finding some quiet time in your life, I think, is hugely important.;Mariel Hemingway;time
Hide nothing, for time, which sees all and hears all, exposes all.;Sophocles;time
Much may be done in those little shreds and patches of time which every day produces, and which most men throw away.;Charles Caleb Colton;time
By the time we've made it, we've had it.;Malcolm Forbes;time
You must have been warned against letting the golden hours slip by but some of them are golden only because we let them slip by.;James M. Barrie;time
Time is the longest distance between two places.;Tennessee Williams;time
Men talk of killing time, while time quietly kills them.;Dion Boucicault;time
Wisdom is the power to put our time and our knowledge to the proper use.;Thomas J. Watson;time
Time brings all things to pass.;Aeschylus;time
But time growing old teaches all things.;Aeschylus;time
So during those first moments of the day, which are yours and yours alone, you can circumvent these boundaries and concentrate fully on spiritual matters. And this gives you the opportunity to plan the time management of the entire day.;Menachem Mendel Schneerson;time
Work is hard. Distractions are plentiful. And time is short.;Adam Hochschild;time
Time, whose tooth gnaws away everything else, is powerless against truth.;Thomas Huxley;time
I want to go ahead of Father Time with a scythe of my own.;H. G. Wells;time
Lose not yourself in a far off time, seize the moment that is thine.;Friedrich Schiller;time
Old age and the passage of time teach all things.;Sophocles;time
Time has a way of demonstrating that the most stubborn are the most intelligent.;Yevgeny Yevtushenko;time
The trouble with our times is that the future is not what it used to be.;Paul Valery;time
Both young children and old people have a lot of time on their hands. That's probably why they get along so well.;Jonathan Carroll;time
Time does not change us. It just unfolds us.;Max Frisch;time
People who cannot find time for recreation are obliged sooner or later to find time for illness.;John Wanamaker;time
Time makes heroes but dissolves celebrities.;Daniel J. Boorstin;time
My time is now.;John Turner;time
Lost wealth may be replaced by industry, lost knowledge by study, lost health by temperance or medicine, but lost time is gone forever.;Samuel Smiles;time
I confess, I do not believe in time.;Vladimir Nabokov;time
Well-timed silence is the most commanding expression.;Mark Helprin;time
And when is there time to remember, to sift, to weigh, to estimate, to total?;Tillie Olsen;time
Time is the wisest counselor of all.;Pericles;time
Time is the father of truth, its mother is our mind.;Giordano Bruno;time
Time goes, you say? Ah, no! alas, time stays, we go.;Henry Austin Dobson;time
I took some time out for life.;James L. Brooks;time
Time is the school in which we learn, time is the fire in which we burn.;Delmore Schwartz;time
When in doubt, take more time.;John Zimmerman;time
Time is a beautiful thing. It's like when you meet an old lover on the street six years later and they don't look so ugly anymore.;Sarah McLachlan;time
The best way to fill time is to waste it.;Marguerite Duras;time
The clock talked loud. I threw it away, it scared me what it talked.;Tillie Olsen;time
There's time enough, but none to spare.;Charles W. Chesnutt;time
Time was God's first creation.;Walter Lang;time
O sweet, delusive Noon, Which the morning climbs to find, O moment sped too soon, And morning left behind.;Helen Hunt Jackson;time
The present is a point just passed.;David Russell;time
Time is a dressmaker specializing in alterations.;Faith Baldwin;time
In everyone's life, at some time, our inner fire goes out. It is then burst into flame by an encounter with another human being. We should all be thankful for those people who rekindle the inner spirit.;Albert Schweitzer;time
Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time.;Thomas A. Edison;time
Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life. Don't be trapped by dogma - which is living with the results of other people's thinking. Don't let the noise of others' opinions drown out your own inner voice. And most important, have the courage to follow your heart and intuition.;Steve Jobs;time
I value the friend who for me finds time on his calendar, but I cherish the friend who for me does not consult his calendar.;Robert Brault;time
A man who dares to waste one hour of time has not discovered the value of life.;Charles Darwin;time
You can fool all the people some of the time, and some of the people all the time, but you cannot fool all the people all the time.;Abraham Lincoln;time
We must reject the idea that every time a law's broken, society is guilty rather than the lawbreaker. It is time to restore the American precept that each individual is accountable for his actions.;Ronald Reagan;time
Change will not come if we wait for some other person or some other time. We are the ones we've been waiting for. We are the change that we seek.;Barack Obama;time
The tree of liberty must be refreshed from time to time with the blood of patriots and tyrants.;Thomas Jefferson;time
Anybody can become angry - that is easy, but to be angry with the right person and to the right degree and at the right time and for the right purpose, and in the right way - that is not within everybody's power and is not easy.;Aristotle;time
Christmas is not a time nor a season, but a state of mind. To cherish peace and goodwill, to be plenteous in mercy, is to have the real spirit of Christmas.;Calvin Coolidge;time
Learn from the past, set vivid, detailed goals for the future, and live in the only moment of time over which you have any control: now.;Denis Waitley;time
When someone shows you who they are, believe them the first time.;Maya Angelou;time
Time is too slow for those who wait, too swift for those who fear, too long for those who grieve, too short for those who rejoice, but for those who love, time is eternity.;Henry Van Dyke;time
All the world's a stage, and all the men and women merely players: they have their exits and their entrances and one man in his time plays many parts, his acts being seven ages.;William Shakespeare;time
The time is always right to do what is right.;Martin Luther King, Jr.;time
Patriotism is supporting your country all the time, and your government when it deserves it.;Mark Twain;time
We shall not cease from exploration, and the end of all our exploring will be to arrive where we started and know the place for the first time.;T. S. Eliot;time
Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it is time to pause and reflect.;Mark Twain;time
Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.;Confucius;time
Children begin by loving their parents after a time they judge them rarely, if ever, do they forgive them.;Oscar Wilde;time
Learn to enjoy every minute of your life. Be happy now. Don't wait for something outside of yourself to make you happy in the future. Think how really precious is the time you have to spend, whether it's at work or with your family. Every minute should be enjoyed and savored.;Earl Nightingale;time
Experience hath shewn, that even under the best forms of government those entrusted with power have, in time, and by slow operations, perverted it into tyranny.;Thomas Jefferson;time
The only reason for time is so that everything doesn't happen at once.;Albert Einstein;time
It is wonderful how much time good people spend fighting the devil. If they would only expend the same amount of energy loving their fellow men, the devil would die in his own tracks of ennui.;Helen Keller;time
If you love life, don't waste time, for time is what life is made up of.;Bruce Lee;time
That old law about 'an eye for an eye' leaves everybody blind. The time is always right to do the right thing.;Martin Luther King, Jr.;time
Education is an admirable thing, but it is well to remember from time to time that nothing that is worth knowing can be taught.;Oscar Wilde;time
Never cut a tree down in the wintertime. Never make a negative decision in the low time. Never make your most important decisions when you are in your worst moods. Wait. Be patient. The storm will pass. The spring will come.;Robert H. Schuller;time
You build on failure. You use it as a stepping stone. Close the door on the past. You don't try to forget the mistakes, but you don't dwell on it. You don't let it have any of your energy, or any of your time, or any of your space.;Johnny Cash;time
I think and think for months and years. Ninety-nine times, the conclusion is false. The hundredth time I am right.;Albert Einstein;time
We must use time creatively.;Martin Luther King, Jr.;time
There comes a time when the mind takes a higher plane of knowledge but can never prove how it got there.;Albert Einstein;time
Time is what prevents everything from happening at once.;Albert Einstein;time
In a time of universal deceit - telling the truth is a revolutionary act.;George Orwell;time
Failure is simply the opportunity to begin again, this time more intelligently.;Henry Ford;time
The fear of death follows from the fear of life. A man who lives fully is prepared to die at any time.;Mark Twain;time
If you have an important point to make, don't try to be subtle or clever. Use a pile driver. Hit the point once. Then come back and hit it again. Then hit it a third time - a tremendous whack.;Winston Churchill;time
There is no better than adversity. Every defeat, every heartbreak, every loss, contains its own seed, its own lesson on how to improve your performance the next time.;Malcolm X;time
If patience is worth anything, it must endure to the end of time. And a living faith will last in the midst of the blackest storm.;Mahatma Gandhi;time
My dream is of a place and a time where America will once again be seen as the last best hope of earth.;Abraham Lincoln;time
Determine never to be idle. No person will have occasion to complain of the want of time who never loses any. It is wonderful how much may be done if we are always doing.;Thomas Jefferson;time
Time you enjoy wasting, was not wasted.;John Lennon;time
If we listened to our intellect, we'd never have a love affair. We'd never have a friendship. We'd never go into business, because we'd be cynical. Well, that's nonsense. You've got to jump off cliffs all the time and build your wings on the way down.;Ray Bradbury;time
Life is like dancing. If we have a big floor, many people will dance. Some will get angry when the rhythm changes. But life is changing all the time.;Miguel Angel Ruiz;time
Some people see things that are and ask, Why? Some people dream of things that never were and ask, Why not? Some people have to go to work and don't have time for all that.;George Carlin;time
An intelligent man is sometimes forced to be drunk to spend time with his fools.;Ernest Hemingway;time
Future. That period of time in which our affairs prosper, our friends are true and our happiness is assured.;Ambrose Bierce;time
The very existence of flame-throwers proves that some time, somewhere, someone said to themselves, You know, I want to set those people over there on fire, but I'm just not close enough to get the job done.;George Carlin;time
Our greatest glory is not in never failing, but in rising up every time we fail.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;time
It is time for parents to teach young people early on that in diversity there is beauty and there is strength.;Maya Angelou;time
All things are subject to interpretation whichever interpretation prevails at a given time is a function of power and not truth.;Friedrich Nietzsche;time
I suppose leadership at one time meant muscles but today it means getting along with people.;Mahatma Gandhi;time
The only time a woman really succeeds in changing a man is when he is a baby.;Natalie Wood;time
People spend too much time finding other people to blame, too much energy finding excuses for not being what they are capable of being, and not enough energy putting themselves on the line, growing out of the past, and getting on with their lives.;J. Michael Straczynski;time
All great achievements require time.;Maya Angelou;time
When I am getting ready to reason with a man, I spend one-third of my time thinking about myself and what I am going to say and two-thirds about him and what he is going to say.;Abraham Lincoln;time
At what point then is the approach of danger to be expected? I answer, if it ever reach us, it must spring up amongst us. It cannot come from abroad. If destruction be our lot, we must ourselves be its author and finisher. As a nation of freemen, we must live through all time, or die by suicide.;Abraham Lincoln;time
Someone's sitting in the shade today because someone planted a tree a long time ago.;Warren Buffett;time
There is another old poet whose name I do not now remember who said, 'Truth is the daughter of Time.';Abraham Lincoln;time
The time comes upon every public man when it is best for him to keep his lips closed.;Abraham Lincoln;time
Substitute 'damn' every time you're inclined to write 'very' your editor will delete it and the writing will be just as it should be.;Mark Twain;time
We can be tired, weary and emotionally distraught, but after spending time alone with God, we find that He injects into our bodies energy, power and strength.;Charles Stanley;time
A round man cannot be expected to fit in a square hole right away. He must have time to modify his shape.;Mark Twain;time
I'm the one that has to die when it's time for me to die, so let me live my life, the way I want to.;Jimi Hendrix;time
I decided, very early on, just to accept life unconditionally I never expected it to do anything special for me, yet I seemed to accomplish far more than I had ever hoped. Most of the time it just happened to me without my ever seeking it.;Audrey Hepburn;time
The time is near at hand which must determine whether Americans are to be free men or slaves.;George Washington;time
How did it get so late so soon? Its night before its afternoon. December is here before its June. My goodness how the time has flewn. How did it get so late so soon?;Dr. Seuss;time
If you spend too much time thinking about a thing, you'll never get it done.;Bruce Lee;time
Winning is not a sometime thing it's an all time thing. You don't win once in a while, you don't do things right once in a while, you do them right all the time. Winning is habit. Unfortunately, so is losing.;Vince Lombardi;time
Love is like a virus. It can happen to anybody at any time.;Maya Angelou;time
Christmas, my child, is love in action. Every time we love, every time we give, it's Christmas.;Dale Evans;time
Employ your time in improving yourself by other men's writings, so that you shall gain easily what others have labored hard for.;Socrates;time
Let us be sure that those who come after will say of us in our time, that in our time we did everything that could be done. We finished the race we kept them free we kept the faith.;Ronald Reagan;time
Our duty is to encourage every one in his struggle to live up to his own highest idea, and strive at the same time to make the ideal as near as possible to the Truth.;Swami Vivekananda;time
All love shifts and changes. I don't know if you can be wholeheartedly in love all the time.;Julie Andrews;time
This is no time for ease and comfort. It is time to dare and endure.;Winston Churchill;time
It seems like every time you come up something happens to bring you back down.;Tupac Shakur;time
It is a mistake to look too far ahead. Only one link of the chain of destiny can be handled at a time.;Winston Churchill;time
I have made it a rule never to smoke more that one cigar at a time.;Mark Twain;time
The God who gave us life, gave us liberty at the same time.;Thomas Jefferson;time
Man will occasionally stumble over the truth, but most of the time he will pick himself up and continue on.;Winston Churchill;time
Someday, after mastering the winds, the waves, the tides and gravity, we shall harness for God the energies of love, and then, for a second time in the history of the world, man will have discovered fire.;Pierre Teilhard de Chardin;time
Everything that happens once can never happen again. But everything that happens twice will surely happen a third time.;Paulo Coelho;time
We waste time looking for the perfect lover, instead of creating the perfect love.;Tom Robbins;time
Drugs are a waste of time. They destroy your memory and your self-respect and everything that goes along with with your self-esteem. They're no good at all.;Kurt Cobain;time
Humans are amphibians - half spirit and half animal. As spirits they belong to the eternal world, but as animals they inhabit time.;C. S. Lewis;time
When I am abroad, I always make it a rule never to criticize or attack the government of my own country. I make up for lost time when I come home.;Winston Churchill;time
For time and the world do not stand still. Change is the law of life. And those who look only to the past or the present are certain to miss the future.;John F. Kennedy;time
One does not leave a convivial party before closing time.;Winston Churchill;time
No idea is so outlandish that it should not be considered with a searching but at the same time a steady eye.;Winston Churchill;time
I was about half in love with her by the time we sat down. That's the thing about girls. Every time they do something pretty... you fall half in love with them, and then you never know where the hell you are.;J. D. Salinger;time
The time you enjoy wasting is not wasted time.;Bertrand Russell;time
When you get into a tight place and everything goes against you, till it seems as though you could not hang on a minute longer, never give up then, for that is just the place and time that the tide will turn.;Harriet Beecher Stowe;time
The game of basketball has been everything to me. My place of refuge, place I've always gone where I needed comfort and peace. It's been the site of intense pain and the most intense feelings of joy and satisfaction. It's a relationship that has evolved over time, given me the greatest respect and love for the game.;Michael Jordan;time
It takes time to persuade men to do even what is for their own good.;Thomas Jefferson;time
Nothing in life is to be feared, it is only to be understood. Now is the time to understand more, so that we may fear less.;Marie Curie;time
Art enables us to find ourselves and lose ourselves at the same time.;Thomas Merton;time
New Year's Resolution: To tolerate fools more gladly, provided this does not encourage them to take up more of my time.;James Agate;time
If there are no stupid questions, then what kind of questions do stupid people ask? Do they get smart just in time to ask questions?;Scott Adams;time
My favorite things in life don't cost any money. It's really clear that the most precious resource we all have is time.;Steve Jobs;time
Peace is a journey of a thousand miles and it must be taken one step at a time.;Lyndon B. Johnson;time
Always remember that the future comes one day at a time.;Dean Acheson;time
In time we hate that which we often fear.;William Shakespeare;time
The only difference between death and taxes is that death doesn't get worse every time Congress meets.;Will Rogers;time
At the end of your life, you will never regret not having passed one more test, not winning one more verdict or not closing one more deal. You will regret time not spent with a husband, a friend, a child, or a parent.;Barbara Bush;time
If it's very painful for you to criticize your friends - you're safe in doing it. But if you take the slightest pleasure in it, that's the time to hold your tongue.;Alice Duer Miller;time
Time spent with cats is never wasted.;Sigmund Freud;time
Dreams have only one owner at a time. That's why dreamers are lonely.;Erma Bombeck;time
A man begins cutting his wisdom teeth the first time he bites off more than he can chew.;Herb Caen;time
Every time I plant a seed, He say kill it before it grow, he say kill it before they grow.;Bob Marley;time
I wasted time, and now doth time waste me.;William Shakespeare;time
If you can look into the seeds of time, and say which grain will grow and which will not, speak then unto me.;William Shakespeare;time
Campaign behavior for wives: Always be on time. Do as little talking as humanly possible. Lean back in the parade car so everybody can see the president.;Eleanor Roosevelt;time
Time and the hour run through the roughest day.;William Shakespeare;time
Long before history began we men have got together apart from the women and done things. We had time.;C. S. Lewis;time
You're just left with yourself all the time, whatever you do anyway. You've got to get down to your own God in your own temple. It's all down to you, mate.;John Lennon;time
Time is more value than money. You can get more money, but you cannot get more time.;Jim Rohn;time
Take time for all things: great haste makes great waste.;Benjamin Franklin;time
Nature hath framed strange fellows in her time.;William Shakespeare;time
When we were children we were grateful to those who filled our stockings at Christmas time. Why are we not grateful to God for filling our stockings with legs?;Gilbert K. Chesterton;time
It is impossible for you to be angry and laugh at the same time. Anger and laughter are mutually exclusive and you have the power to choose either.;Wayne Dyer;time
The time to repair the roof is when the sun is shining.;John F. Kennedy;time
Thanksgiving is a time when the world gets to see just how blessed and how workable the Christian system is. The emphasis is not on giving or buying, but on being thankful and expressing that appreciation to God and to one another.;John Clayton;time
The greatest discovery of all time is that a person can change his future by merely changing his attitude.;Oprah Winfrey;time
Dost thou love life? Then do not squander time, for that is the stuff life is made of.;Benjamin Franklin;time
Everywhere is within walking distance if you have the time.;Steven Wright;time
Let the word go forth from this time and place, to friend and foe alike, that the torch has been passed to a new generation of Americans - born in this century, tempered by war, disciplined by a hard and bitter peace.;John F. Kennedy;time
Do not waste your time on Social Questions. What is the matter with the poor is Poverty what is the matter with the rich is Uselessness.;George Bernard Shaw;time
It's time to fundamentally change the way that we do business in Washington. To help build a new foundation for the 21st century, we need to reform our government so that it is more efficient, more transparent, and more creative. That will demand new thinking and a new sense of responsibility for every dollar that is spent.;Barack Obama;time
The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;time
The test of a first-rate intelligence is the ability to hold two opposed ideas in mind at the same time and still retain the ability to function.;F. Scott Fitzgerald;time
Do the one thing you think you cannot do. Fail at it. Try again. Do better the second time. The only people who never tumble are those who never mount the high wire. This is your moment. Own it.;Oprah Winfrey;time
No matter what time it is, wake me, even if it's in the middle of a Cabinet meeting.;Ronald Reagan;time
Leisure is the time for doing something useful. This leisure the diligent person will obtain the lazy one never.;Benjamin Franklin;time
I existed from all eternity and, behold, I am here and I shall exist till the end of time, for my being has no end.;Khalil Gibran;time
Happiness is the only good. The time to be happy is now. The place to be happy is here. The way to be happy is to make others so.;Robert Green Ingersoll;time
If a man walks in the woods for love of them half of each day, he is in danger of being regarded as a loafer. But if he spends his days as a speculator, shearing off those woods and making the earth bald before her time, he is deemed an industrious and enterprising citizen.;Henry David Thoreau;time
Each year one vicious habit discarded, in time might make the worst of us good.;Benjamin Franklin;time
There never was a truly great man that was not at the same time truly virtuous.;Benjamin Franklin;time
If time be of all things the most precious, wasting time must be the greatest prodigality.;Benjamin Franklin;time
We must use time as a tool, not as a couch.;John F. Kennedy;time
It is a grand mistake to think of being great without goodness and I pronounce it as certain that there was never a truly great man that was not at the same time truly virtuous.;Benjamin Franklin;time
Employ thy time well, if thou meanest to gain leisure.;Benjamin Franklin;time
I find television very educating. Every time somebody turns on the set, I go into the other room and read a book.;Groucho Marx;time
When your time comes to die, be not like those whose hearts are filled with fear of death, so that when their time comes they weep and pray for a little more time to live their lives over again in a different way. Sing your death song, and die like a hero going home.;Tecumseh;time
Beauty is unbearable, drives us to despair, offering us for a minute the glimpse of an eternity that we should like to stretch out over the whole of time.;Albert Camus;time
I've been on a calendar, but I've never been on time.;Marilyn Monroe;time
Don't wait. The time will never be just right.;Napoleon Hill;time
I cannot believe in a God who wants to be praised all the time.;Friedrich Nietzsche;time
This time, like all times, is a very good one, if we but know what to do with it.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;time
Little minds have little worries, big minds have no time for worries.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;time
We praise a man who feels angry on the right grounds and against the right persons and also in the right manner at the right moment and for the right length of time.;Aristotle;time
Don't waste time on jealousy. Sometimes you're ahead, sometimes you're behind.;Mary Schmich;time
The sum of wisdom is that time is never lost that is devoted to work.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;time
Who hears me, who understands me, becomes mine, a possession for all time.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;time
I'm concentrating on staying healthy, having peace, being happy, remembering what is important, taking in nature and animals, spending time reading, trying to understand the universe, where science and the spiritual meet.;Joan Jett;time
For one swallow does not make a summer, nor does one day and so too one day, or a short time, does not make a man blessed and happy.;Aristotle;time
The difference between a democracy and a dictatorship is that in a democracy you vote first and take orders later in a dictatorship you don't have to waste your time voting.;Charles Bukowski;time
Manners require time, and nothing is more vulgar than haste.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;time
We do not yet possess ourselves, and we know at the same time that we are much more.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;time
But if nothing but soul, or in soul mind, is qualified to count, it is impossible for there to be time unless there is soul, but only that of which time is an attribute, i.e. if change can exist without soul.;Aristotle;time
Christmas is the time when kids tell Santa what they want and adults pay for it. Deficits are when adults tell government what they want and their kids pay for it.;Richard Lamm;time
Glance into the world just as though time were gone: and everything crooked will become straight to you.;Friedrich Nietzsche;time
When I lose the sense of motivation and the sense to prove something as a basketball player, it's time for me to move away from the game.;Michael Jordan;time
Death is a challenge. It tells us not to waste time... It tells us to tell each other right now that we love each other.;Leo Buscaglia;time
The only time you really live fully is from thirty to sixty. The young are slaves to dreams the old servants of regrets. Only the middle-aged have all their five senses in the keeping of their wits.;Theodore Roosevelt;time
I went to a restaurant that serves 'breakfast at any time'. So I ordered French Toast during the Renaissance.;Steven Wright;time
I prefer peace. But if trouble must come, let it come in my time, so that my children can live in peace.;Thomas Paine;time
A broad margin of leisure is as beautiful in a man's life as in a book. Haste makes waste, no less in life than in housekeeping. Keep the time, observe the hours of the universe, not of the cars.;Henry David Thoreau;time
You can't just ask customers what they want and then try to give that to them. By the time you get it built, they'll want something new.;Steve Jobs;time
Don't spend time beating on a wall, hoping to transform it into a door.;Coco Chanel;time
Success does not consist in never making mistakes but in never making the same one a second time.;George Bernard Shaw;time
Whether if soul did not exist time would exist or not, is a question that may fairly be asked for if there cannot be someone to count there cannot be anything that can be counted, so that evidently there cannot be number for number is either what has been, or what can be, counted.;Aristotle;time
If you just set out to be liked, you would be prepared to compromise on anything at any time, and you would achieve nothing.;Margaret Thatcher;time
In my mind I'm a blind man doin' time.;Tupac Shakur;time
For a competitive junkie like me, golf is a great solution because it smacks you in the face every time you think you have accomplished something. That to me has taken over a lot of the energy and competitiveness for basketball.;Michael Jordan;time
It is of practical value to learn to like yourself. Since you must spend so much time with yourself you might as well get some satisfaction out of the relationship.;Norman Vincent Peale;time
As if you could kill time without injuring eternity.;Henry David Thoreau;time
Time and tide wait for no man.;Geoffrey Chaucer;time
I don't have time for their judgement and their stupidity and you know they lay down with their ugly wives in front of their ugly children and look at their loser lives and then they look at me and they say, 'I can't process it' well, no, you never will stop trying, just sit back and enjoy the show. You know?;Charlie Sheen;time
I read poetry to save time.;Marilyn Monroe;time
For a long time I was scared I'd find out I was like my mother.;Marilyn Monroe;time
Consider the fellow. He never spends his time telling you about his previous night's date. You get the idea he has eyes only for you and wouldn't think of looking at another woman.;Marilyn Monroe;time
Treat your kid like a darling for the first five years. For the next five years, scold them. By the time they turn sixteen, treat them like a friend. Your grown up children are your best friends.;Chanakya;time
The only time I have problems is when I sleep.;Tupac Shakur;time
All the forces in the world are not so powerful as an idea whose time has come.;Victor Hugo;time
Anything I've ever said, I certainly was feeling at the time.;Eminem;time
I was looking for something a lot heavier, yet melodic at the same time. Something different from heavy metal, a different attitude.;Kurt Cobain;time
Success is simple. Do what's right, the right way, at the right time.;Arnold H. Glasow;time
As societies grow decadent, the language grows decadent, too. Words are used to disguise, not to illuminate, action: you liberate a city by destroying it. Words are to confuse, so that at election time people will solemnly vote against their own interests.;Gore Vidal;time
Well, I'm working all the time to stay out of trouble!;Eminem;time
There may be times when we are powerless to prevent injustice, but there must never be a time when we fail to protest.;Elie Wiesel;time
If you treat people right they will treat you right... ninety percent of the time.;Franklin D. Roosevelt;time
The time I burned my guitar it was like a sacrifice. You sacrifice the things you love. I love my guitar.;Jimi Hendrix;time
People won't have time for you if you are always angry or complaining.;Stephen Hawking;time
For years my wedding ring has done its job. It has led me not into temptation. It has reminded my husband numerous times at parties that it's time to go home. It has been a source of relief to a dinner companion. It has been a status symbol in the maternity ward.;Erma Bombeck;time
I try to treat all the money I'm making like it's the last time I'm going to make it.;Eminem;time
As you become more clear about who you really are, you'll be better able to decide what is best for you - the first time around.;Oprah Winfrey;time
It is paradoxical that many educators and parents still differentiate between a time for learning and a time for play without seeing the vital connection between them.;Leo Buscaglia;time
I drink too much. The last time I gave a urine sample it had an olive in it.;Rodney Dangerfield;time
The finest workers in stone are not copper or steel tools, but the gentle touches of air and water working at their leisure with a liberal allowance of time.;Henry David Thoreau;time
We didn't lose the game we just ran out of time.;Vince Lombardi;time
Don't limit a child to your own learning, for he was born in another time.;Rabindranath Tagore;time
I would like to be remembered as a man who had a wonderful time living life, a man who had good friends, fine family - and I don't think I could ask for anything more than that, actually.;Frank Sinatra;time
I think people should be allowed to do anything they want. We haven't tried that for a while. Maybe this time it'll work.;George Carlin;time
I'm sorry, man, but I've got magic. I've got poetry in my fingertips. Most of the time - and this includes naps - I'm an F-18, bro. And I will destroy you in the air. I will deploy my ordinance to the ground.;Charlie Sheen;time
Death is caused by swallowing small amounts of saliva over a long period of time.;George Carlin;time
Waste no more time arguing about what a good man should be. Be one.;Marcus Aurelius;time
I have a new philosophy. I'm only going to dread one day at a time.;Charles M. Schulz;time
Let the refining and improving of your own life keep you so busy that you have little time to criticize others.;H. Jackson Brown, Jr.;time
I like refried beans. That's why I wanna try fried beans, because maybe they're just as good and we're just wasting time. You don't have to fry them again after all.;Mitch Hedberg;time
Without music to decorate it, time is just a bunch of boring production deadlines or dates by which bills must be paid.;Frank Zappa;time
Once you have mastered time, you will understand how true it is that most people overestimate what they can accomplish in a year - and underestimate what they can achieve in a decade!;Tony Robbins;time
Know the true value of time snatch, seize, and enjoy every moment of it. No idleness, no laziness, no procrastination: never put off till tomorrow what you can do today.;Lord Chesterfield;time
Just in terms of allocation of time resources, religion is not very efficient. There's a lot more I could be doing on a Sunday morning.;Bill Gates;time
Never permit a dichotomy to rule your life, a dichotomy in which you hate what you do so you can have pleasure in your spare time. Look for a situation in which your work will give you as much happiness as your spare time.;Pablo Picasso;time
The time to take counsel of your fears is before you make an important battle decision. That's the time to listen to every fear you can imagine! When you have collected all the facts and fears and made your decision, turn off all your fears and go ahead!;George S. Patton;time
It takes a long time to grow an old friend.;John Leonard;time
How much time he saves who does not look to see what his neighbor says or does or thinks.;Marcus Aurelius;time
Take time to gather up the past so that you will be able to draw from your experience and invest them in the future.;Jim Rohn;time
Spend some time this weekend on home improvement improve your attitude toward your family.;Bo Bennett;time
Character is the result of two things: mental attitude and the way we spend our time.;Elbert Hubbard;time
The competitor to be feared is one who never bothers about you at all, but goes on making his own business better all the time.;Henry Ford;time
The man who writes about himself and his own time is the only man who writes about all people and about all time.;George Bernard Shaw;time
A veteran journalist has never had time to think twice before he writes.;George Bernard Shaw;time
Sometimes being a friend means mastering the art of timing. There is a time for silence. A time to let go and allow people to hurl themselves into their own destiny. And a time to prepare to pick up the pieces when it's all over.;Octavia Butler;time
I'm dealing with fools and trolls and soft targets. It's just strafing runs in my underwear before my first cup of coffee. I don't have time for these clowns.;Charlie Sheen;time
Make measurable progress in reasonable time.;Jim Rohn;time
In order to succeed you must fail, so that you know what not to do the next time.;Anthony J. D'Angelo;time
Most people spend more time and energy going around problems than in trying to solve them.;Henry Ford;time
Nothing separates the generations more than music. By the time a child is eight or nine, he has developed a passion for his own music that is even stronger than his passions for procrastination and weird clothes.;Bill Cosby;time
How many a man has thrown up his hands at a time when a little more effort, a little more patience would have achieved success.;Elbert Hubbard;time
There is a vitality, a life force, an energy, a quickening, that is translated through you into action, and because there is only one of you in all time, this expression is unique.;Martha Graham;time
It's only when we truly know and understand that we have a limited time on earth - and that we have no way of knowing when our time is up, we will then begin to live each day to the fullest, as if it was the only one we had.;Elisabeth Kubler-Ross;time
When friends asked me, Can we help? I'd say, Not unless you can alter time, speed up the harvest or teleport me off this rock. I used that line from Star Wars.;Charlie Sheen;time
I'm sorry, it's true. Having children really changes your view on these things. We're born, we live for a brief instant, and we die. It's been happening for a long time. Technology is not changing it much - if at all.;Steve Jobs;time
Nine-tenths of wisdom is being wise in time.;Theodore Roosevelt;time
I am confident that nobody... will accuse me of selfishness if I ask to spend time, while I am still in good health, with my family, my friends and also with myself.;Nelson Mandela;time
People always fear change. People feared electricity when it was invented, didn't they? People feared coal, they feared gas-powered engines... There will always be ignorance, and ignorance leads to fear. But with time, people will come to accept their silicon masters.;Bill Gates;time
You don't have to be singing about love all the time in order to give love to the people. You don't have to keep flashing those words all the time.;Jimi Hendrix;time
It is possible to become discouraged about the injustice we see everywhere. But God did not promise us that the world would be humane and just. He gives us the gift of life and allows us to choose the way we will use our limited time on earth. It is an awesome opportunity.;Cesar Chavez;time
All women have a perception much more developed than men. So all women somehow, being repressed for so many millennia, they ended up by developing this sixth sense and contemplation and love. And this is something that we have a hard time to accept as part of our society.;Paulo Coelho;time
I believe in a religion that believes in freedom. Any time I have to accept a religion that won't let me fight a battle for my people, I say to hell with that religion.;Malcolm X;time
As people are walking all the time, in the same spot, a path appears.;John Locke;time
Instead of worrying about what people say of you, why not spend time trying to accomplish something they will admire.;Dale Carnegie;time
Mickey Mouse popped out of my mind onto a drawing pad 20 years ago on a train ride from Manhattan to Hollywood at a time when business fortunes of my brother Roy and myself were at lowest ebb and disaster seemed right around the corner.;Walt Disney;time
My restaurants are never opened on Thanksgiving I want my staff to spend time with their family if they can. My feeling is, if I can't figure out how to make money the rest of the year so that my workers can enjoy the holidays, then I don't deserve to be an owner.;Michael Symon;time
Don't be afraid to give your best to what seemingly are small jobs. Every time you conquer one it makes you that much stronger. If you do the little jobs well, the big ones will tend to take care of themselves.;Dale Carnegie;time
Honesty is the cruelest game of all, because not only can you hurt someone - and hurt them to the bone - you can feel self-righteous about it at the same time.;Dave Van Ronk;time
The two most powerful warriors are patience and time.;Leo Tolstoy;time
The only time people dislike gossip is when you gossip about them.;Will Rogers;time
Live one day at a time emphasizing ethics rather than rules.;Wayne Dyer;time
I think what drove me insane for a long time is feeling like I hadn't earned most of what I achieved because it came so fast.;Charlie Sheen;time
I guess the real reason that my wife and I had children is the same reason that Napoleon had for invading Russia: it seemed like a good idea at the time.;Bill Cosby;time
Acting is a nice childish profession - pretending you're someone else and, at the same time, selling yourself.;Katharine Hepburn;time
Nothing is a waste of time if you use the experience wisely.;Auguste Rodin;time
Any time you got nothing to do - and lots of time to do it - come on up.;Mae West;time
There is no room for second place. There is only one place in my game and that is first place. I have finished second twice in my time at Green Bay and I never want to finish second again.;Vince Lombardi;time
I remember the first time I had sex - I kept the receipt.;Groucho Marx;time
We have time, there's no big rush.;Jimi Hendrix;time
The next time some academics tell you how important diversity is, ask how many Republicans there are in their sociology department.;Thomas Sowell;time
If you're doing your best, you won't have any time to worry about failure.;H. Jackson Brown, Jr.;time
To insure the adoration of a theorem for any length of time, faith is not enough, a police force is needed as well.;Albert Camus;time
The time to save is now. When a dog gets a bone, he doesn't go out and make a down payment on a bigger bone. He buries the one he's got.;Will Rogers;time
If there is not the war, you don't get the great general if there is not a great occasion, you don't get a great statesman if Lincoln had lived in a time of peace, no one would have known his name.;Theodore Roosevelt;time
I was trying to do too many things at the same time, which is my nature. But I was enjoying it, and I still do enjoy it.;Jimi Hendrix;time
The senses deceive from time to time, and it is prudent never to trust wholly those who have deceived us even once.;Rene Descartes;time
The first thing which I can record concerning myself is, that I was born. These are wonderful words. This life, to which neither time nor eternity can bring diminution - this everlasting living soul, began. My mind loses itself in these depths.;Groucho Marx;time
The butterfly counts not months but moments, and has time enough.;Rabindranath Tagore;time
Healing is a matter of time, but it is sometimes also a matter of opportunity.;Hippocrates;time
Half our life is spent trying to find something to do with the time we have rushed through life trying to save.;Will Rogers;time
Complainers change their complaints, but they never reduce the amount of time spent in complaining.;Mason Cooley;time
The time you spend alone with God will transform your character and increase your devotion. Then your integrity and godly behavior in an unbelieving world will make others long to know the Lord.;Charles Stanley;time
Do not say, 'It is morning,' and dismiss it with a name of yesterday. See it for the first time as a newborn child that has no name.;Rabindranath Tagore;time
His talent was as natural as the pattern that was made by the dust on a butterfly's wings. At one time he understood it no more than the butterfly did and he did not know when it was brushed or marred.;Ernest Hemingway;time
I made a mistake by being ejected from the presidency. Next time, I will choose a Cabinet which will allow me to be life President.;Nelson Mandela;time
I really wanted to retire and rest and spend more time with my children, my grandchildren and of course with my wife.;Nelson Mandela;time
I take a very practical view of raising children. I put a sign in each of their rooms: 'Checkout Time is 18 years.';Erma Bombeck;time
You cannot run away from weakness you must some time fight it out or perish and if that be so, why not now, and where you stand?;Robert Louis Stevenson;time
We are so obsessed with doing that we have no time and no imagination left for being. As a result, men are valued not for what they are but for what they do or what they have - for their usefulness.;Thomas Merton;time
Time is a sort of river of passing events, and strong is its current no sooner is a thing brought to sight than it is swept by and another takes its place, and this too will be swept away.;Marcus Aurelius;time
Many people take no care of their money till they come nearly to the end of it, and others do just the same with their time.;Johann Wolfgang von Goethe;time
The future rewards those who press on. I don't have time to feel sorry for myself. I don't have time to complain. I'm going to press on.;Barack Obama;time
You hear a lot about God these days: God, the beneficent God, the all-great God, the Almighty God, the most powerful God, the giver of life God, the creator of death. I mean, we're hearing about God all the time, so we better learn how to deal with it. But if we know anything about God, God is arbitrary.;Bob Dylan;time
I feel very deeply about the need to respect and tolerate people of different social - or sexual orientation. But at the same time, I believe marriage should be preserved as an institution for one man and one woman.;Mitt Romney;time
If you have time to whine and complain about something then you have the time to do something about it.;Anthony J. D'Angelo;time
The only time I ever enjoyed ironing was the day I accidentally got gin in the steam iron.;Phyllis Diller;time
Next time I see you, remind me not to talk to you.;Groucho Marx;time
I cannot understand how the education of this United States of America has been fooled time and time again. Either make it separate but equal or integrate, therefore it will be equal. And it has been separate and unequal.;Bill Cosby;time
Before I went to jail, I was active in politics as a member of South Africa's leading organization - and I was generally busy from 7 A.M. until midnight. I never had time to sit and think.;Nelson Mandela;time
I stopped loving my father a long time ago. What remained was the slavery to a pattern.;Anais Nin;time
The first time that I performed as an actor was the first day on the set of 'The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air.';Will Smith;time
In this business, by the time you realize you're in trouble, it's too late to save yourself. Unless you're running scared all the time, you're gone.;Bill Gates;time
I believe in using words, not fists. I believe in my outrage knowing people are living in boxes on the street. I believe in honesty. I believe in a good time. I believe in good food. I believe in sex.;Bertrand Russell;time
All my life I've looked at words as though I were seeing them for the first time.;Ernest Hemingway;time
No man ever achieved worth-while success who did not, at one time or other, find himself with at least one foot hanging well over the brink of failure.;Napoleon Hill;time
With patient and firm determination, I am going to press on for jobs. I'm going to press on for equality. I'm going to press on for the sake of our children. I'm going to press on for the sake of all those families who are struggling right now. I don't have time to feel sorry for myself. I don't have time to complain. I am going to press on.;Barack Obama;time
As long as we are persistence in our pursuit of our deepest destiny, we will continue to grow. We cannot choose the day or time when we will fully bloom. It happens in its own time.;Denis Waitley;time
No man goes before his time - unless the boss leaves early.;Groucho Marx;time
I didn't really want to live, so anything that was an investment in time made me angry... but also I just felt sad. When the hopelessness is hurting you, it's the fixtures and fittings that finish you off.;Angelina Jolie;time
To help a friend in need is easy, but to give him your time is not always opportune.;Charlie Chaplin;time
For a long time I tried to manage an honesty and openness about my personal life because I'm human and I'm normal - well, semi-normal.;Johnny Depp;time
Only the guy who isn't rowing has time to rock the boat.;Jean-Paul Sartre;time
Really big people are, above everything else, courteous, considerate and generous - not just to some people in some circumstances - but to everyone all the time.;Thomas J. Watson;time
For death is no more than a turning of us over from time to eternity.;William Penn;time
My father probably thought the capital of the world was wherever he was at the time. It couldn't possibly be anyplace else. Where he and his wife were in their own home, that, for them, was the capital of the world.;Bob Dylan;time
The next time you have a thought... let it go.;Ron White;time
Every cliche about kids is true they grow up so quickly, you blink and they're gone, and you have to spend the time with them now. But that's a joy.;Liam Neeson;time
We cast away priceless time in dreams, born of imagination, fed upon illusion, and put to death by reality.;Judy Garland;time
No matter how busy you are, you must take time to make the other person feel important.;Mary Kay Ash;time
Every time I go and shave, I assume there's someone else on the planet shaving. So I say, 'I'm gonna go shave, too.';Mitch Hedberg;time
When a place gets crowded enough to require ID's, social collapse is not far away. It is time to go elsewhere. The best thing about space travel is that it made it possible to go elsewhere.;Robert A. Heinlein;time
A wise man will make haste to forgive, because he knows the true value of time, and will not suffer it to pass away in unnecessary pain.;Samuel Johnson;time
For a long time now I have tried simply to write the best I can. Sometimes I have good luck and write better than I can.;Ernest Hemingway;time
Civilization began the first time an angry person cast a word instead of a rock.;Sigmund Freud;time
Time and money spent in helping men to do more for themselves is far better than mere giving.;Henry Ford;time
Live as if you were living a second time, and as though you had acted wrongly the first time.;Viktor E. Frankl;time
Part of the reason that our politics seems so tough right now and facts and science and argument does not seem to be winning the day all the time is because we're hardwired not to always think clearly when we're scared. And the country's scared.;Barack Obama;time
Equality, rightly understood as our founding fathers understood it, leads to liberty and to the emancipation of creative differences wrongly understood, as it has been so tragically in our time, it leads first to conformity and then to despotism.;Barry Goldwater;time
There was a time in my life when I thought I had everything - millions of dollars, mansions, cars, nice clothes, beautiful women, and every other materialistic thing you can imagine. Now I struggle for peace.;Richard Pryor;time
In America everybody is of the opinion that he has no social superiors, since all men are equal, but he does not admit that he has no social inferiors, for, from the time of Jefferson onward, the doctrine that all men are equal applies only upwards, not downwards.;Bertrand Russell;time
We've protected thousands of people in Libya we have not seen a single U.S. casualty there's no risks of additional escalation. This operation is limited in time and in scope.;Barack Obama;time
We always live in an uncertain world. What is certain is that the United States will go forward over time.;Warren Buffett;time
We need to internalize this idea of excellence. Not many folks spend a lot of time trying to be excellent.;Barack Obama;time
It has been my observation that most people get ahead during the time that others waste.;Henry Ford;time
Immorality: the morality of those who are having a better time.;H. L. Mencken;time
For the first time in my adult lifetime, I am really proud of my country. And not just because Barack has done well, but because I think people are hungry for change. And I have been desperate to see our country moving in that direction.;Michelle Obama;time
Then not only an old man, but also a drunkard, becomes a second time a child.;Plato;time
The nose of a mob is its imagination. By this, at any time, it can be quietly led.;Edgar Allan Poe;time
If only we'd stop trying to be happy we'd have a pretty good time.;Edith Wharton;time
In Hollywood you can see things at night that are fast enough to be in the Olympics in the day time.;Will Rogers;time
Rest is not idleness, and to lie sometimes on the grass under trees on a summer's day, listening to the murmur of the water, or watching the clouds float across the sky, is by no means a waste of time.;John Lubbock;time
Y'know, you can't please all the people all the time... and last night, all those people were at my show.;Mitch Hedberg;time
Ezra was right half the time, and when he was wrong, he was so wrong you were never in any doubt about it.;Ernest Hemingway;time
Women in particular need to keep an eye on their physical and mental health, because if we're scurrying to and from appointments and errands, we don't have a lot of time to take care of ourselves. We need to do a better job of putting ourselves higher on our own 'to do' list.;Michelle Obama;time
There's as much crookedness as you want to find. There was something Abraham Lincoln said - he'd rather trust and be disappointed than distrust and be miserable all the time. Maybe I trusted too much.;John Wooden;time
For time is the longest distance between two places.;Tennessee Williams;time
They always say time changes things, but you actually have to change them yourself.;Andy Warhol;time
I can only note that the past is beautiful because one never realises an emotion at the time. It expands later, and thus we don't have complete emotions about the present, only about the past.;Virginia Woolf;time
If you set out to be liked, you would be prepared to compromise on anything at any time, and you would achieve nothing.;Margaret Thatcher;time
A dying man needs to die, as a sleepy man needs to sleep, and there comes a time when it is wrong, as well as useless, to resist.;Stewart Alsop;time
You can never control who you fall in love with, even when you're in the most sad, confused time of your life. You don't fall in love with people because they're fun. It just happens.;Kirsten Dunst;time
Dependency is death to initiative, to risk-taking and opportunity. It's time to stop the spread of government dependency and fight it like the poison it is.;Mitt Romney;time
Freedom isn't free. It shouldn't be a bragging point that 'Oh, I don't get involved in politics,' as if that makes someone cleaner. No, that makes you derelict of duty in a republic. Liars and panderers in government would have a much harder time of it if so many people didn't insist on their right to remain ignorant and blindly agreeable.;Bill Maher;time
My view is that marriage is a relationship between a man and a woman. That's the position I've had for some time, and I don't intend to make any adjustments at this point... Or ever, by the way.;Mitt Romney;time
What I think is fair to say is that, coming out of the Republican camp, there have been efforts to suggest that perhaps I'm not who I say I am when it comes to my faith - something which I find deeply offensive, and that has been going on for a pretty long time.;Barack Obama;time
Each party steals so many articles of faith from the other, and the candidates spend so much time making each other's speeches, that by the time election day is past there is nothing much to do save turn the sitting rascals out and let a new gang in.;H. L. Mencken;time
Time and health are two precious assets that we don't recognize and appreciate until they have been depleted.;Denis Waitley;time
Fashion is always of the time in which you live. It is not something standing alone. But the grand problem, the most important problem, is to rejeuvenate women. To make women look young. Then their outlook changes. They feel more joyous.;Coco Chanel;time
How can you think and hit at the same time?;Yogi Berra;time
People of Berlin - people of the world - this is our moment. This is our time.;Barack Obama;time
We've persevered because of a belief we share with the Iraqi people - a belief that out of the ashes of war, a new beginning could be born in this cradle of civilization. Through this remarkable chapter in the history of the United States and Iraq, we have met our responsibility. Now, it's time to turn the page.;Barack Obama;time
We all knew this. We all knew that it would take more time than any of us want to dig ourselves out of this hole created by this economic crisis.;Barack Obama;time
Time, which alone makes the reputation of men, ends by making their defects respectable.;Voltaire;time
One-fifth of the people are against everything all the time.;Robert Kennedy;time
Some people think that the truth can be hidden with a little cover-up and decoration. But as time goes by, what is true is revealed, and what is fake fades away.;Ismail Haniyeh;time
It may be true that you can't fool all the people all the time, but you can fool enough of them to rule a large country.;Will Durant;time
To keep your character intact you cannot stoop to filthy acts. It makes it easier to stoop the next time.;Katharine Hepburn;time
I find it strange the way human nature wants heroes and yet wants to destroy their heroes. It's a kind of mass insecurity people want something to look up to and get a buzz off but, at the same time, want to destroy it because it makes them feel insecure.;Danielle Dax;time
He who is too busy doing good finds no time to be good.;Rabindranath Tagore;time
Onion rings in the car cushions do not improve with time.;Erma Bombeck;time
Every time I see an adult on a bicycle, I no longer despair for the future of the human race.;H. G. Wells;time
I remember the time I was kidnapped and they sent a piece of my finger to my father. He said he wanted more proof.;Rodney Dangerfield;time
Death is a commingling of eternity with time in the death of a good man, eternity is seen looking through time.;Johann Wolfgang von Goethe;time
Everything that goes up must come down. But there comes a time when not everything that's down can come up.;George Burns;time
I don't like food that's too carefully arranged it makes me think that the chef is spending too much time arranging and not enough time cooking. If I wanted a picture I'd buy a painting.;Andy Rooney;time
There comes a time in the affairs of man when he must take the bull by the tail and face the situation.;W. C. Fields;time
Don't let the fear of the time it will take to accomplish something stand in the way of your doing it. The time will pass anyway we might just as well put that passing time to the best possible use.;Earl Nightingale;time
In this country it is a good thing to kill an admiral from time to time to encourage the others.;Voltaire;time
I don't feel old. I don't feel anything till noon. That's when it's time for my nap.;Bob Hope;time
This is a fantastic time to be entering the business world, because business is going to change more in the next 10 years than it has in the last 50.;Bill Gates;time
I believe that all government is evil, and that trying to improve it is largely a waste of time.;H. L. Mencken;time
I put instant coffee in a microwave oven and almost went back in time.;Steven Wright;time
Devote each day to the object then in time and every evening will find something done.;Johann Wolfgang von Goethe;time
Perfection is attained by slow degrees it requires the hand of time.;Voltaire;time
Americans are in a cycle of fear which leads to people not wanting to spend and not wanting to make investments, and that leads to more fear. We'll break out of it. It takes time.;Warren Buffett;time
Let your life lightly dance on the edges of Time like dew on the tip of a leaf.;Rabindranath Tagore;time
There are necessary evils. Money is an important thing in terms of representing freedom in our world. And now I have a daughter to think about. It's really the first time I've thought about the future and what it could be.;Johnny Depp;time
I like Mitt Romney as a person. I think he's a dignified person. But I have no common ground on economics. He doesn't worry about the Federal Reserve. He doesn't worry about foreign policy. He doesn't talk about civil liberties, so I would have a hard time to expect him to ever invite me to campaign with him.;Ron Paul;time
Another thing that freaks me out is time. Time is like a book. You have a beginning, a middle and an end. It's just a cycle.;Mike Tyson;time
And I think it's that time. And I think if you just step aside and Mr. Romney can kind of take over. You can maybe still use a plane. Though maybe a smaller one. Not that big gas guzzler you are going around to colleges and talking about student loans and stuff like that.;Clint Eastwood;time
When my time on earth is gone, and my activities here are passed, I want they bury me upside down, and my critics can kiss my ass!;Bobby Knight;time
Faith is deliberate confidence in the character of God whose ways you may not understand at the time.;Oswald Chambers;time
There is no time for cut-and-dried monotony. There is time for work. And time for love. That leaves no other time!;Coco Chanel;time
Art is always and everywhere the secret confession, and at the same time the immortal movement of its time.;Karl Marx;time
I found golf was too time consuming, but I did enjoy it.;John Wooden;time
Many people die with their music still in them. Why is this so? Too often it is because they are always getting ready to live. Before they know it, time runs out.;Oliver Wendell Holmes;time
We have what we seek, it is there all the time, and if we give it time, it will make itself known to us.;Thomas Merton;time
You must become an old man in good time if you wish to be an old man long.;Marcus Aurelius;time
The only time my prayers are never answered is on the golf course.;Billy Graham;time
Whatever the universal nature assigns to any man at any time is for the good of that man at that time.;Marcus Aurelius;time
The wise man should restrain his senses like the crane and accomplish his purpose with due knowledge of his place, time and ability.;Chanakya;time
There is not enough time to do all the nothing we want to do.;Bill Watterson;time
One always has time enough, if one will apply it well.;Johann Wolfgang von Goethe;time
We always have time enough, if we will but use it aright.;Johann Wolfgang von Goethe;time
I rememeber one time we were getting ready to go to South America and everything was packed up and in the car ready to go and I hid and I was crying because I really did not want to go, I wanted to play. I did not want to go.;Michael Jackson;time
I like to spend time in the past, with the things that have been important to me.;John Wooden;time
Every study on crime and or firearms proves time and time again, that 99.99999% of American gun owners do not commit crimes or use our firearms in any dangerous or improper way.;Ted Nugent;time
I had no idea of the character. But the moment I was dressed, the clothes and the make-up made me feel the person he was. I began to know him, and by the time I walked onto the stage he was fully born.;Charlie Chaplin;time
It's good to experience Hollywood in short bursts, I guess. Little snippets. I don't think I can handle being here all the time, it's pretty nutty.;Johnny Depp;time
I spend a lot of time reading.;Bill Gates;time
You know, people talk about this being an uncertain time. You know, all time is uncertain. I mean, it was uncertain back in - in 2007, we just didn't know it was uncertain. It was - uncertain on September 10th, 2001. It was uncertain on October 18th, 1987, you just didn't know it.;Warren Buffett;time
Regret for the things we did can be tempered by time it is regret for the things we did not do that is inconsolable.;Sydney J. Harris;time
Well, especially now I come to realize - and then - I would do my schooling which was three hours with a tutor and right after that I would go to the recording studio and record, and I'd record for hours and hours until it's time to go to sleep.;Michael Jackson;time
He that will not apply new remedies must expect new evils for time is the greatest innovator.;Francis Bacon;time
It is past time for women to take their rightful place, side by side with men, in the rooms where the fates of peoples, where their children's and grandchildren's fates, are decided.;Hillary Clinton;time
Time is the friend of the wonderful company, the enemy of the mediocre.;Warren Buffett;time
Whether you like it or not, you're forced to come to the realisation that death is out there. But I don't fear death, I'm a fatalist. I believe when it's your time, that's it. It's the hand you're dealt.;Clint Eastwood;time
Knowledge comes, but wisdom lingers. It may not be difficult to store up in the mind a vast quantity of facts within a comparatively short time, but the ability to form judgments requires the severe discipline of hard work and the tempering heat of experience and maturity.;Calvin Coolidge;time
Truth is like the sun. You can shut it out for a time, but it ain't goin' away.;Elvis Presley;time
Winning is great, sure, but if you are really going to do something in life, the secret is learning how to lose. Nobody goes undefeated all the time. If you can pick up after a crushing defeat, and go on to win again, you are going to be a champion someday.;Wilma Rudolph;time
I never could have done what I have done without the habits of punctuality, order, and diligence, without the determination to concentrate myself on one subject at a time.;Charles Dickens;time
Men have a much better time of it than women. For one thing, they marry later for another thing, they die earlier.;H. L. Mencken;time
The greatest achievement was at first and for a time a dream. The oak sleeps in the acorn, the bird waits in the egg, and in the highest vision of the soul a waking angel stirs. Dreams are the seedlings of realities.;James Allen;time
Life is short and we have never too much time for gladdening the hearts of those who are travelling the dark journey with us. Oh be swift to love, make haste to be kind.;Henri Frederic Amiel;time
It pays to know the enemy - not least because at some time you may have the opportunity to turn him into a friend.;Margaret Thatcher;time
In rivers, the water that you touch is the last of what has passed and the first of that which comes so with present time.;Leonardo da Vinci;time
Words, words, words! They shut one off from the universe. Three quarters of the time one's never in contact with things, only with the beastly words that stand for them.;Aldous Huxley;time
Every time there's a revolution, it comes from somebody reading a book about revolution. David Walker wrote a book and Nat Turner did his thing.;Mike Tyson;time
Short as life is, we make it still shorter by the careless waste of time.;Victor Hugo;time
Prejudice is a great time saver. You can form opinions without having to get the facts.;E. B. White;time
It takes a long time to become young.;Pablo Picasso;time
Mr. President, you were elected to lead. You chose to follow. And now it's time for you to get out of the way.;Mitt Romney;time
A bad man is the sort who weeps every time he speaks of a good woman.;H. L. Mencken;time
Lives of great men all remind us, we can make our lives sublime, and, departing, leave behind us, footprints on the sands of time.;Henry Wadsworth Longfellow;time
It is time to get drunk! So as not to be the martyred slaves of Time, get drunk get drunk without stopping! On wine, on poetry, or on virtue, as you wish.;Charles Baudelaire;time
There is one kind of robber whom the law does not strike at, and who steals what is most precious to men: time.;Napoleon Bonaparte;time
I learned that we can do anything, but we can't do everything... at least not at the same time. So think of your priorities not in terms of what activities you do, but when you do them. Timing is everything.;Dan Millman;time
Our dilemma is that we hate change and love it at the same time what we really want is for things to remain the same but get better.;Sydney J. Harris;time
Not managing your time and making excuses are two bad habits. Don't put them both together by claiming you 'don't have the time'.;Bo Bennett;time
Instead of leading the world by how much we borrow, it's time that we make sure we lead the world in how much we build and create and invest.;Mitt Romney;time
I went to Massachusetts to make a difference. I didn't go there to begin a political career running time and time again. I made a difference. I put in place the things I wanted to do.;Mitt Romney;time
It's time for the party of big ideas, not the party of Big Brother!;Mitt Romney;time
Culture, what you believe, what you value, how you live matters. Now, as fundamental as these principles are, they may become topics of democratic debates from time to time, so it is today with the enduring institution of marriage. Marriage is a relationship between a man and a woman.;Mitt Romney;time
When one makes a Revolution, one cannot mark time one must always go forward - or go back. He who now talks about the 'freedom of the press' goes backward, and halts our headlong course towards Socialism.;Vladimir Lenin;time
Ten percent of the big fish still remain. There are still some blue whales. There are still some krill in Antarctica. There are a few oysters in Chesapeake Bay. Half the coral reefs are still in pretty good shape, a jeweled belt around the middle of the planet. There's still time, but not a lot, to turn things around.;Sylvia Earle;time
In time it will become clear to everyone that support for the policies of pre-emptive war and interventionist nation-building will have much greater significance than the removal of Saddam Hussein itself.;Ron Paul;time
If you stand up and be counted, from time to time you may get yourself knocked down. But remember this: A man flattened by an opponent can get up again. A man flattened by conformity stays down for good.;Thomas J. Watson;time
Right now I'm having amnesia and deja vu at the same time.;Steven Wright;time
Take time to deliberate, but when the time for action has arrived, stop thinking and go in.;Napoleon Bonaparte;time
The trouble with life is that there are so many beautiful women and so little time.;John Barrymore;time
Many a trip continues long after movement in time and space have ceased.;John Steinbeck;time
I've made an odd discovery. Every time I talk to a savant I feel quite sure that happiness is no longer a possibility. Yet when I talk with my gardener, I'm convinced of the opposite.;Bertrand Russell;time
Everybody thinks making films back to back is a big deal but they did it all the time in the old days.;Clint Eastwood;time
I keep working because I learn something new all the time.;Clint Eastwood;time
People love westerns worldwide. There's something fantasy-like about an individual fighting the elements. Or even bad guys and the elements. It's a simpler time. There's no organized laws and stuff.;Clint Eastwood;time
You know, my dad served in the President's Cabinet after his time as a governor. He told me he enjoyed being governor a lot more. Now, I understand why. If I do my job well, I can make a difference in people's lives and I can help our children realize their dreams.;Mitt Romney;time
The Cuban people still live in constant fear of a brutal totalitarian regime that has demonstrated time and again its utter disregard for basic human dignity. The fight for a free Cuba has gone on for far too long.;Mitt Romney;time
What does it say about a president's policies when he has to use a cartoon character rather than real people to justify his record? What does it say about the fiction of old liberalism to insist that good jobs and good schools and good wages will result from policies that have failed us, time and again?;Mitt Romney;time
For those who have come here illegally, they might have a transition time to allow them to set their affairs in order. And then go back home and get in line with everybody else. And if they get in line and they apply to become a citizen and get a green card, they will be treated like everybody else.;Mitt Romney;time
At a time when nobody thought we'd ever see a new steel mill built in America, we took a chance and built one in a corn field in Indiana. Today Steel Dynamics is one of the largest steel producers in the United States.;Mitt Romney;time
Time stays, we go.;H. L. Mencken;time
Waste is worse than loss. The time is coming when every person who lays claim to ability will keep the question of waste before him constantly. The scope of thrift is limitless.;Thomas A. Edison;time
Poetry may make us from time to time a little more aware of the deeper, unnamed feelings which form the substratum of our being, to which we rarely penetrate for our lives are mostly a constant evasion of ourselves.;T. S. Eliot;time
Forgiveness is not a feeling - it's a decision we make because we want to do what's right before God. It's a quality decision that won't be easy and it may take time to get through the process, depending on the severity of the offense.;Joyce Meyer;time
Perfection is the child of time.;Joseph Hall;time
I bought some instant water one time but I didn't know what to add to it.;Steven Wright;time
Every time you get angry, you poison your own system.;Alfred A. Montapert;time
The time for action is now. It's never too late to do something.;Antoine de Saint-Exupery;time
If we do discover a complete theory, it should be in time understandable in broad principle by everyone. Then we shall all, philosophers, scientists, and just ordinary people be able to take part in the discussion of why we and the universe exist.;Stephen Hawking;time
As recent as the year 2000 we won elections by saying we shouldn't be the policemen of the world, and that we should not be nation building. And its time we got those values back into this country.;Ron Paul;time
To have no time for philosophy is to be a true philosopher.;Blaise Pascal;time
I think women are natural caretakers. They take care of everybody. They take care of their husbands and their kids and their dogs, and don't spend a lot of time just getting back and taking time out.;Reese Witherspoon;time
Oh, God, I struggle with low self-esteem all the time! I think everyone does. I have so much wrong with me, it's unbelievable!;Angelina Jolie;time
I saw a bank that said '24 Hour Banking,' but I don't have that much time.;Steven Wright;time
A man's brain has a more difficult time shifting from thinking to feeling than a women's brain does.;Barbara de Angelis;time
Gay people are the sweetest, kindest, most artistic, warmest and most thoughtful people in the world. And since the beginning of time all they've ever been is kicked.;Little Richard;time
Every great architect is - necessarily - a great poet. He must be a great original interpreter of his time, his day, his age.;Frank Lloyd Wright;time
It takes a long time to bring the past up to the present.;Franklin D. Roosevelt;time
It's life isn't it? You plow ahead and make a hit. And you plow on and someone passes you. Then someone passes them. Time levels.;Katharine Hepburn;time
Acting deals with very delicate emotions. It is not putting up a mask. Each time an actor acts he does not hide he exposes himself.;Rodney Dangerfield;time
The only time to buy these is on a day with no 'y' in it.;Warren Buffett;time
Everyone who achieves success in a great venture, solves each problem as they came to it. They helped themselves. And they were helped through powers known and unknown to them at the time they set out on their voyage. They keep going regardless of the obstacles they met.;W. Clement Stone;time
I cannot be awake for nothing looks to me as it did before, Or else I am awake for the first time, and all before has been a mean sleep.;Walt Whitman;time
Sex: the thing that takes up the least amount of time and causes the most amount of trouble.;John Barrymore;time
There is a time to take counsel of your fears, and there is a time to never listen to any fear.;George S. Patton;time
All the president is, is a glorified public relations man who spends his time flattering, kissing, and kicking people to get them to do what they are supposed to do anyway.;Harry S. Truman;time
I have long known that it is part of God's plan for me to spend a little time with each of the most stupid people on earth.;Bill Bryson;time
When we are sure that we are on the right road there is no need to plan our journey too far ahead. No need to burden ourselves with doubts and fears as to the obstacles that may bar our progress. We cannot take more than one step at a time.;Orison Swett Marden;time
Digital reading will completely take over. It's lightweight and it's fantastic for sharing. Over time it will take over.;Bill Gates;time
Oh, I think there are a lot of people who would be buying and selling online today that go up there and they get the information, but then when it comes time to type in their credit card they think twice because they're not sure about how that might get out and what that might mean for them.;Bill Gates;time
I think the thing we see is that as people are using video games more, they tend to watch passive TV a bit less. And so using the PC for the Internet, playing video games, is starting to cut into the rather unbelievable amount of time people spend watching TV.;Bill Gates;time
An invasion of armies can be resisted, but not an idea whose time has come.;Victor Hugo;time
Do your damnedest in an ostentatious manner all the time.;George S. Patton;time
God lets you be successful because he trusts you that you will do the right thing with it. Now, does he get disappointed often? All the time, because people get there and they forget how they got it.;Steve Harvey;time
Once again, we come to the Holiday Season, a deeply religious time that each of us observes, in his own way, by going to the mall of his choice.;Dave Barry;time
Time will inevitably uncover dishonesty and lies history has no place for them.;Norodom Sihanouk;time
I did my time for the rape. I paid my money to Las Vegas. I paid my dues.;Mike Tyson;time
Time heals griefs and quarrels, for we change and are no longer the same persons. Neither the offender nor the offended are any more themselves.;Blaise Pascal;time
Motherhood is a great honor and privilege, yet it is also synonymous with servanthood. Every day women are called upon to selflessly meet the needs of their families. Whether they are awake at night nursing a baby, spending their time and money on less-than-grateful teenagers, or preparing meals, moms continuously put others before themselves.;Charles Stanley;time
It is those who concentrates on but one thing at a time who advance in this world. The great man or woman is the one who never steps outside his or her specialty or foolishly dissipates his or her individuality.;Og Mandino;time
Time makes more converts than reason.;Thomas Paine;time
The secret of a happy marriage is finding the right person. You know they're right if you love to be with them all the time.;Julia Child;time
I've done everything I wanted to do, even if I have had to pay a very high price - which has been the case most of the time.;Paulo Coelho;time
I believe this with all my heart: The greatest coach of all time in my eyes is my mom. She's instilled in me a toughness and a perseverance and just a never-quit mentality, and I thank her every day for providing me, for what she sacrificed her life for.;Scott Brooks;time
Every time we liberate a woman, we liberate a man.;Margaret Mead;time
People with clear, written goals, accomplish far more in a shorter period of time than people without them could ever imagine.;Brian Tracy;time
Life is like an ice-cream cone, you have to lick it one day at a time.;Charles M. Schulz;time
I like to hide behind the characters I play. Despite the public perception, I am a very private person who has a hard time with the fame thing.;Angelina Jolie;time
I think about baseball when I wake up in the morning. I think about it all day and I dream about it at night. The only time I don't think about it is when I'm playing it.;Carl Yastrzemski;time
The last time I saw him he was walking down lover's lane holding his own hand.;Fred Allen;time
Anyone who has lost track of time when using a computer knows the propensity to dream, the urge to make dreams come true and the tendency to miss lunch.;Tim Berners-Lee;time
I like to do weird things in the shower, like drink my coffee, brush my teeth and drink a smoothie. It's good time management.;Michelle Williams;time
As time goes on we get closer to that American Dream of there being a pie cut up and shared. Usually greed and selfishness prevent that and there is always one bad apple in every barrel.;Rick Danko;time
This is the miracle that happens every time to those who really love: the more they give, the more they possess.;Rainer Maria Rilke;time
Our most important task is to transform our consciousness so that violence is no longer an option for us in our personal lives, that understanding that a world of peace is possible only if we relate to each other as peaceful beings, one individual at a time.;Deepak Chopra;time
Nothing else in the world... not all the armies... is so powerful as an idea whose time has come.;Victor Hugo;time
A religious man is a person who holds God and man in one thought at one time, at all times, who suffers harm done to others, whose greatest passion is compassion, whose greatest strength is love and defiance of despair.;Abraham Joshua Heschel;time
Because we have so much eye candy and mind candy, spending so much time trying to pay the rent, all of this conspires to keep us from thinking too hard or taking action from that. Our time is stolen. So much of our daily life is stolen.;Lydia Lunch;time
Everywhere is nowhere. When a person spends all his time in foreign travel, he ends by having many acquaintances, but no friends.;Lucius Annaeus Seneca;time
Time itself comes in drops.;William James;time
'The time has come,' the walrus said, 'to talk of many things: of shoes and ships - and sealing wax - of cabbages and kings.';Lewis Carroll;time
I think I'm finally growing up - and about time.;Elizabeth Taylor;time
The loss of a friend is like that of a limb time may heal the anguish of the wound, but the loss cannot be repaired.;Robert Southey;time
You know, when you really connect with the instrument and everything just comes out on an emotional level very naturally through your playing. That's, you know, a great night. And I think the reason I love touring so much is you're chasing that high around all the time, trying to have another good night.;Slash;time
The man who rows the boat seldom has time to rock it.;Bill Copeland;time
To love is so startling it leaves little time for anything else.;Emily Dickinson;time
My two secrets to staying healthy: wash your hands all the time. And, if you can't, use Purell or one of the sanitizers. And the other is hot peppers. I eat a lot of hot peppers. I for some reason started doing that in 1992, and I swear by it.;Hillary Clinton;time
Everyone has a breaking point, turning point, stress point, the game is permeated with it. The fans don't see it because we make it look so efficient. But internally, for a guy to be successful, you have to be like a clock spring, wound but not loose at the same time.;Dave Winfield;time
I'm not interested in trying to work on people's perceptions. I am who I am, and if you don't take the time to learn about that, then your perception is going to be your problem.;Jim Brown;time
What you lack in talent can be made up with desire, hustle and giving 110 percent all the time.;Don Zimmer;time
I have made the tough decisions, always with an eye toward the bottom line. Perhaps it's time America was run like a business.;Donald Trump;time
What with making their way and enjoying what they have won, heroes have no time to think. But the sons of heroes - ah, they have all the necessary leisure.;Aldous Huxley;time
Wondrous is the strength of cheerfulness, and its power of endurance - the cheerful man will do more in the same time, will do it better, will preserve it longer, than the sad or sullen.;Thomas Carlyle;time
The time you feel lonely is the time you most need to be by yourself.;Doug Coupland;time
I knew that I could vote and that that wasn't a privilege it was my right. Every time I tried I was shot, killed or jailed, beaten or economically deprived.;Stokely Carmichael;time
It is as absurd to say that a man can't love one woman all the time as it is to say that a violinist needs several violins to play the same piece of music.;Honore de Balzac;time
Saying goodbye doesn't mean anything. It's the time we spent together that matters, not how we left it.;Trey Parker;time
Richard Nixon is a no good, lying bastard. He can lie out of both sides of his mouth at the same time, and if he ever caught himself telling the truth, he'd lie just to keep his hand in.;Harry S. Truman;time
No woman in my time will be prime minister or chancellor or foreign secretary - not the top jobs. Anyway, I wouldn't want to be prime minister you have to give yourself 100 percent.;Margaret Thatcher;time
Why do you think the old stories tell of men who set out on great journeys to impress the gods? Because trying to impress people just isn't worth the time and effort.;Henry Rollins;time
Television is a medium of entertainment which permits millions of people to listen to the same joke at the same time, and yet remain lonesome.;T. S. Eliot;time
The shock of any trauma, I think changes your life. It's more acute in the beginning and after a little time you settle back to what you were. However it leaves an indelible mark on your psyche.;Alex Lifeson;time
I don't even drink! I can't stand the taste of alcohol. Every New Year's Eve I try one drink and every time it makes me feel sick. So I don't touch booze - I'm always the designated driver.;Kim Kardashian;time
In our time political speech and writing are largely the defense of the indefensible.;George Orwell;time
There is never time in the future in which we will work out our salvation. The challenge is in the moment the time is always now.;James A. Baldwin;time
My top most priority is to deal with India's massive social and economic problems, so that chronic poverty, ignorance and disease can be conquered in a reasonably short period of time.;Manmohan Singh;time
As things are, and as fundamentally they must always be, poetry is not a career, but a mug's game. No honest poet can ever feel quite sure of the permanent value of what he has written: He may have wasted his time and messed up his life for nothing.;T. S. Eliot;time
You can't live your life blaming your failures on your parents and what they did or didn't do for you. You're dealt the cards that you're dealt. I realised it was a waste of time to be angry at my parents and feel sorry for myself.;Drew Barrymore;time
Leadership to me means duty, honor, country. It means character, and it means listening from time to time.;George W. Bush;time
You are your greatest asset. Put your time, effort and money into training, grooming, and encouraging your greatest asset.;Tom Hopkins;time
Some people ask the secret of our long marriage. We take time to go to a restaurant two times a week. A little candlelight, dinner, soft music and dancing. She goes Tuesdays, I go Fridays.;Henny Youngman;time
If you believe in your heart that you are right, you must fight with all your might to do it your way. Only dead fish swim with the stream all the time.;Linda Ellerbee;time
There is one thing stronger than all the armies in the world, and that is an idea whose time as come.;Victor Hugo;time
Greater than the tread of mighty armies is an idea whose time has come.;Victor Hugo;time
Religion is about turning untested belief into unshakable truth through the power of institutions and the passage of time.;Richard Dawkins;time
Yet, taught by time, my heart has learned to glow for other's good, and melt at other's woe.;Homer;time
Time is an illusion. Lunchtime doubly so.;Douglas Adams;time
No trait is more justified than revenge in the right time and place.;Meir Kahane;time
I never cut class. I loved getting A's, I liked being smart. I liked being on time. I thought being smart is cooler than anything in the world.;Michelle Obama;time
Therefore I feel that the aforementioned guiding principle must be modified to read: If you desire peace, cultivate justice, but at the same time cultivate the fields to produce more bread otherwise there will be no peace.;Norman Borlaug;time
Management by objective works - if you know the objectives. Ninety percent of the time you don't.;Peter Drucker;time
Nature gives to every time and season some beauties of its own and from morning to night, as from the cradle to the grave, it is but a succession of changes so gentle and easy that we can scarcely mark their progress.;Charles Dickens;time
Time discovers truth.;Lucius Annaeus Seneca;time
I just got tired of being sick and tired and feeling down. Unfortunately, you don't realize this until you're getting sober but the reason why you're depressed all the time is it's the drugs that are depressing you.;Steven Adler;time
Photography takes an instant out of time, altering life by holding it still.;Dorothea Lange;time
We see past time in a telescope and present time in a microscope. Hence the apparent enormities of the present.;Victor Hugo;time
By the time a man gets to be presidential material, he's been bought ten times over.;Gore Vidal;time
You are not a beautiful, unique snowflake... This is your life, and it's ending one minute at a time.;Chuck Palahniuk;time
There comes a time when deceit and defiance must be seen for what they are. At that point, a gathering danger must be directly confronted. At that point, we must show that beyond our resolutions is actual resolve.;Dick Cheney;time
Under all speech that is good for anything there lies a silence that is better, Silence is deep as Eternity speech is shallow as Time.;Thomas Carlyle;time
Time stays long enough for anyone who will use it.;Leonardo da Vinci;time
We are drowning in information, while starving for wisdom. The world henceforth will be run by synthesizers, people able to put together the right information at the right time, think critically about it, and make important choices wisely.;E. O. Wilson;time
A play should give you something to think about. When I see a play and understand it the first time, then I know it can't be much good.;T. S. Eliot;time
I do have a close circle of friends and I am very fortunate to have them as friends. I feel very close to them I think friends are everything in life after your family. You come across lots of people all the time but you only make very few friends and you have to be true to them otherwise what's the point in life?;Shahrukh Khan;time
People come in and out of our lives, and the true test of friendship is whether you can pick back up right where you left off the last time you saw each other.;Lisa See;time
The time has come for all evangelists to practice full financial disclosure. The world is watching how we walk and how we talk. We must have the highest standards of morality, ethics and integrity if we are to continue to have influence.;Billy Graham;time
A truer image of the world, I think, is obtained by picturing things as entering into the stream of time from an eternal world outside, than from a view which regards time as the devouring tyrant of all that is.;Bertrand Russell;time
You've got to stand up and do your own battles. My daddy taught me that a long time ago, that you fight your own battles. The only way to shut everybody up is to win.;Terry Bradshaw;time
Time has no divisions to mark its passage, there is never a thunder-storm or blare of trumpets to announce the beginning of a new month or year. Even when a new century begins it is only we mortals who ring bells and fire off pistols.;Thomas Mann;time
To achieve great things, two things are needed a plan, and not quite enough time.;Leonard Bernstein;time
About the time we can make the ends meet, somebody moves the ends.;Herbert Hoover;time
I have made this letter longer than usual, only because I have not had the time to make it shorter.;Blaise Pascal;time
No greater thing is created suddenly, any more than a bunch of grapes or a fig. If you tell me that you desire a fig, I answer you that there must be time. Let it first blossom, then bear fruit, then ripen.;Epictetus;time
A positive attitude is not going to save you. What it's going to do is, everyday, between now and the day you die, whether that's a short time from now or a long time from now, that every day, you're going to actually live.;Elizabeth Edwards;time
We look forward to the time when the Power of Love will replace the Love of Power. Then will our world know the blessings of peace.;William E. Gladstone;time
I really enjoy being single again. I spent a lot of time in a relationship and the nearer we came to the end, the more difficult it got. You don't see things clearly as long as you're still involved.;Dido Armstrong;time
In every adversity there lies the seed of an equivalent advantage. In every defeat is a lesson showing you how to win the victory next time.;Robert Collier;time
If you're living in your time, you cannot help but to write about the things that are important.;Ray Bradbury;time
Go on failing. Go on. Only next time, try to fail better.;Samuel Beckett;time
In seed time learn, in harvest teach, in winter enjoy.;William Blake;time
Every man regards his own life as the New Year's Eve of time.;Jean Paul;time
Most of the time I don't have much fun. The rest of the time I don't have any fun at all.;Woody Allen;time
The freedom to fail is vital if you're going to succeed. Most successful people fail from time to time, and it is a measure of their strength that failure merely propels them into some new attempt at success.;Michael Korda;time
I just think people have a lot of fiction. But, you know, I mean, the real story of Facebook is just that we've worked so hard for all this time. I mean, the real story is actually probably pretty boring, right? I mean, we just sat at our computers for six years and coded.;Mark Zuckerberg;time
We should not say that one man's hour is worth another man's hour, but rather that one man during an hour is worth just as much as another man during an hour. Time is everything, man is nothing: he is at the most time's carcass.;Karl Marx;time
Concepts, like individuals, have their histories and are just as incapable of withstanding the ravages of time as are individuals. But in and through all this they retain a kind of homesickness for the scenes of their childhood.;Soren Kierkegaard;time
To live is so startling it leaves little time for anything else.;Emily Dickinson;time
I've spent too much time giving speeches, traveling the world.;Billy Graham;time
Nobody sees a flower really it is so small. We haven't time, and to see takes time - like to have a friend takes time.;Georgia O'Keeffe;time
Buying books would be a good thing if one could also buy the time to read them in: but as a rule the purchase of books is mistaken for the appropriation of their contents.;Arthur Schopenhauer;time
Never bear more than one kind of trouble at a time. Some people bear three kinds of trouble - the ones they've had, the ones they have, and the ones they expect to have.;Edward Everett Hale;time
Being a teenager is an amazing time and a hard time. It's when you make your best friends - I have girls who will never leave my heart and I still talk to. You get the best and the worst as a teen. You have the best friendships and the worst heartbreaks.;Sophia Bush;time
For the very first time the young are seeing history being made before it is censored by their elders.;Margaret Mead;time
Someone's sitting in the shade today because someone planted a tree a long time ago.;Les Brown;time
Any time I got in emotional turmoil, I felt sick all the time, like at any minute I would die.;Skeet Ulrich;time
For the first time in the history of mankind, one generation literally has the power to destroy the past, the present and the future, the power to bring time to an end.;Hubert H. Humphrey;time
Men seldom, or rather never for a length of time and deliberately, rebel against anything that does not deserve rebelling against.;Thomas Carlyle;time
Beauty is also submitted to the taste of time, so a beautiful woman from the Belle Epoch is not exactly the perfect beauty of today, so beauty is something that changes with time.;Karl Lagerfeld;time
Every time you don't follow your inner guidance, you feel a loss of energy, loss of power, a sense of spiritual deadness.;Shakti Gawain;time
The more time you spend contemplating what you should have done... you lose valuable time planning what you can and will do.;Lil Wayne;time
I must uphold my ideals, for perhaps the time will come when I shall be able to carry them out.;Anne Frank;time
The jealous are possessed by a mad devil and a dull spirit at the same time.;Johann Kaspar Lavater;time
Black Consciousness is an attitude of the mind and a way of life, the most positive call to emanate from the black world for a long time.;Steven Biko;time
When I was trying to impress Kate I was trying to cook these amazing fancy dinners and what would happen was I would burn something, something would overspill, something would catch on fire and she would be sitting in the background trying to help, and basically taking control of the whole situation, so I was quite glad she was there at the time.;Prince William;time
If a little dreaming is dangerous, the cure for it is not to dream less but to dream more, to dream all the time.;Marcel Proust;time
People say that if you find water rising up to your ankle, that's the time to do something about it, not when it's around your neck.;Chinua Achebe;time
I'm one of the slowest drivers on the road. I mosey along. If you're doing anything too fast, including living life too fast, that creates sudden death. If I have to be somewhere on time, I make sure I leave early enough.;Anthony Hopkins;time
On the whole, human beings want to be good, but not too good, and not quite all the time.;George Orwell;time
Silence is as deep as eternity, speech a shallow as time.;Thomas Carlyle;time
Riches and the things that are necessary in life are not evil in themselves. And all of us face cares and troubles in this life. The sin comes in the time and energy we spend in pursuing these things, at the expense of neglecting Christ.;David Wilkerson;time
We need quiet time to examine our lives openly and honestly - spending quiet time alone gives your mind an opportunity to renew itself and create order.;Susan Taylor;time
To be always intending to make a new and better life but never to find time to set about it is as to put off eating and drinking and sleeping from one day to the next until you're dead.;Og Mandino;time
We know in New York we have several million at any one time who are in New York illegally.;Hillary Clinton;time
I always supported the women I worked with having time off to go to parent-teacher conferences and doctors' appointments or bringing their infants into the office.;Hillary Clinton;time
Heckling is an act of cowardice. If you want to speak, get up in front of the microphone and speak, don't sit in the dark hiding. It's easy to hide and shout and waste people's time.;Billy Connolly;time
I am shocked at how much time I spend in the White House. I mean, you know, for people on the outside, the idea of going to the White House for a meeting must seem like the most important, serious, even glamorous kind of thing to do.;Hillary Clinton;time
We shall never have more time. We have, and always had, all the time there is. No object is served in waiting until next week or even until tomorrow. Keep going... Concentrate on something useful.;Arnold Bennett;time
Sometimes overturning brutal regimes takes time and costs lives. I wish it weren't so. I really, really do.;Hillary Clinton;time
We have domesticated God's transcendence. We often learn about God at about the same time as we are learning about Santa Claus but our ideas about Santa Claus change, mature and become more nuanced, whereas our ideas of God can remain at a rather infantile level.;Karen Armstrong;time
Vision without action is merely a dream. Action without vision just passes the time. Vision with action can change the world.;Joel A. Barker;time
Time is the most valuable thing on earth: time to think, time to act, time to extend our fraternal relations, time to become better men, time to become better women, time to become better and more independent citizens.;Samuel Gompers;time
Time travel used to be thought of as just science fiction, but Einstein's general theory of relativity allows for the possibility that we could warp space-time so much that you could go off in a rocket and return before you set out.;Stephen Hawking;time
We die only once, and for such a long time.;Moliere;time
Since you cannot do good to all, you are to pay special attention to those who, by the accidents of time, or place, or circumstances, are brought into closer connection with you.;Augustine of Hippo;time
Time is the substance from which I am made. Time is a river which carries me along, but I am the river it is a tiger that devours me, but I am the tiger it is a fire that consumes me, but I am the fire.;Jorge Luis Borges;time
Happy is he who still loves something he loved in the nursery: He has not been broken in two by time he is not two men, but one, and he has saved not only his soul but his life.;Gilbert K. Chesterton;time
It is one of the ironies of the ministry that the very man who works in God's name is often hardest put to find time for God. The parents of Jesus lost Him at church, and they were not the last ones to lose Him there.;Vance Havner;time
Time is nature's way of keeping everything from happening at once.;Woody Allen;time
And we are never too old to study the Bible. Each time the lessons are studied comes some new meaning, some new thought which will make us better.;John D. Rockefeller;time
I believe that love and laughter can only happen when one person takes the time to think about what would cause the other person to feel good.;Yakov Smirnoff;time
The intellectual is different from the ordinary man, but only in certain sections of his personality, and even then not all the time.;George Orwell;time
When you stop learning, stop listening, stop looking and asking questions, always new questions, then it is time to die.;Lillian Smith;time
For me, forgiveness and compassion are always linked: how do we hold people accountable for wrongdoing and yet at the same time remain in touch with their humanity enough to believe in their capacity to be transformed?;Bell Hooks;time
My favorite time in the cycles of public life is the time when the Pope is dead and they haven't elected a new one. There's no one in the world who is infallible for those weeks. And you know, I don't miss it.;Christopher Hitchens;time
In books lies the soul of the whole past time.;Thomas Carlyle;time
If you kiss on the first date and it's not right, then there will be no second date. Sometimes it's better to hold out and not kiss for a long time. I am a strong believer in kissing being very intimate, and the minute you kiss, the floodgates open for everything else.;Jennifer Lopez;time
Eternity is in love with the productions of time.;William Blake;time
A schedule defends from chaos and whim. It is a net for catching days. It is a scaffolding on which a worker can stand and labor with both hands at sections of time.;Annie Dillard;time
People who have time on their hands will inevitably waste the time of people who have work to do.;Thomas Sowell;time
Life gives you plenty of time to do whatever you want to do if you stay in the present moment.;Deepak Chopra;time
They're trying to tell us that we're not right, so we have to buy their products. The number one cause of mental illness is not knowing who you are and you can't know who you are if you don't spend time honoring yourself, and living in the present.;Naomi Judd;time
At a time like this, scorching irony, not convincing argument, is needed.;Frederick Douglass;time
Most of us can remember a time when a birthday - especially if it was one's own - brightened the world as if a second sun has risen.;Robert Staughton Lynd;time
Poetry should help, not only to refine the language of the time, but to prevent it from changing too rapidly.;T. S. Eliot;time
There will come a time when you believe everything is finished. Yet that will be the beginning.;Louis L'Amour;time
A good day is one where I can not just read a book, but write a review of it. Maybe today I'll be able to do that. I get for some reason somewhat stronger when the sun starts to go down. Dusk is a good time for me. I'm crepuscular.;Christopher Hitchens;time
If you are working 50 hours a week in a factory, you don't have time to read 10 newspapers a day and go back to declassified government archives. But such people may have far-reaching insights into the way the world works.;Noam Chomsky;time
I try to keep it real. I don't have time to worry about what I'm projecting to the world. I'm just busy being myself.;Demi Lovato;time
The ideas of the ruling class are in every epoch the ruling ideas, i.e., the class which is the ruling material force of society, is at the same time its ruling intellectual force.;Karl Marx;time
Truth has no special time of its own. Its hour is now - always.;Albert Schweitzer;time
Have regular hours for work and play make each day both useful and pleasant, and prove that you understand the worth of time by employing it well. Then youth will be delightful, old age will bring few regrets, and life will become a beautiful success.;Louisa May Alcott;time
Viewed freely, the English language is the accretion and growth of every dialect, race, and range of time, and is both the free and compacted composition of all.;Walt Whitman;time
Both in thought and in feeling, even though time be real, to realise the unimportance of time is the gate of wisdom.;Bertrand Russell;time
The slave is doomed to worship time and fate and death, because they are greater than anything he finds in himself, and because all his thoughts are of things which they devour.;Bertrand Russell;time
It's important to take time for your spouse and nurture the relationship.;Christina Aguilera;time
Freedom comes only to those who no longer ask of life that it shall yield them any of those personal goods that are subject to the mutations of time.;Bertrand Russell;time
It is even better to act quickly and err than to hesitate until the time of action is past.;Karl Von Clausewitz;time
Everything comes in time to those who can wait.;Francois Rabelais;time
As much as I would love to be a person that goes to parties and has a couple of drinks and has a nice time, that doesn't work for me. I'd just rather sit at home and read, or go out to dinner with someone, or talk to someone I love, or talk to somebody that makes me laugh.;Daniel Radcliffe;time
Don't get too comfortable with who you are at any given time - you may miss the opportunity to become who you want to be.;Jon Bon Jovi;time
Most people should be talking about how Floyd Mayweather is a great undefeated future Hall of Famer that's his own promoter and that works extremely hard to get to where he's at. Instead, all you hear is hate and jealous remarks from critics who criticize me and, you know, most of the time, the people that criticize me can't do what I can do.;Floyd Mayweather, Jr.;time
I was in enough to get along with people. I was never socially inarticulate. Not a loner. And that saved my life, saved my sanity. That and the writing. But to this day I distrust anybody who thought school was a good time. Anybody.;Stephen King;time
I'm someone who loves to enjoy life and tries to focus on real things and real friendships. That's why I live very simply. I'm a jeans and T-shirt kind of girl. I don't spend much time fixing myself up or trying to look cool. I live like a normal person and even though I'm in a very high-profile business, I really don't let it affect the way I live.;Cameron Diaz;time
It is only in the world of objects that we have time and space and selves.;T. S. Eliot;time
I am learning all the time. The tombstone will be my diploma.;Eartha Kitt;time
Don't be a time manager, be a priority manager. Cut your major goals into bite-sized pieces. Each small priority or requirement on the way to ultimate goal become a mini goal in itself.;Denis Waitley;time
For the first half of geological time our ancestors were bacteria. Most creatures still are bacteria, and each one of our trillions of cells is a colony of bacteria.;Richard Dawkins;time
I really had no great love for shoes. I was a working First Lady I was always in canvas shoes. I did nurture the shoes industry of the Philippines, and so every time there was a shoe fair, I would receive a pair of shoes as a token of gratitude.;Imelda Marcos;time
A thing is mighty big when time and distance cannot shrink it.;Zora Neale Hurston;time
Trust has to be earned, and should come only after the passage of time.;Arthur Ashe;time
I think that everything is possible as long as you put your mind to it and you put the work and time into it. I think your mind really controls everything.;Michael Phelps;time
Only good girls keep diaries. Bad girls don't have time.;Tallulah Bankhead;time
Time always seems long to the child who is waiting - for Christmas, for next summer, for becoming a grownup: long also when he surrenders his whole soul to each moment of a happy day.;Dag Hammarskjold;time
If neurotic is wanting two mutually exclusive things at one and the same time, then I'm neurotic as hell. I'll be flying back and forth between one mutually exclusive thing and another for the rest of my days.;Sylvia Plath;time
The time to relax is when you don't have time for it.;Sydney J. Harris;time
How can anybody hate nurses? Nobody hates nurses. The only time you hate a nurse is when they're giving you an enema.;Warren Beatty;time
As anyone who has ever been around a cat for any length of time well knows, cats have enormous patience with the limitations of the human kind.;Cleveland Amory;time
Time is bunk.;Douglas Adams;time
The single most important thing in a child's performance is the quality of the teacher. Making sure a child spends the maximum amount of time with inspirational teachers is the most important thing.;Michael Gove;time
It's time to say goodbye, but I think goodbyes are sad and I'd much rather say hello. Hello to a new adventure.;Ernie Harwell;time
I have found it advisable not to give too much heed to what people say when I am trying to accomplish something of consequence. Invariably they proclaim it can't be done. I deem that the very best time to make the effort.;Calvin Coolidge;time
Do not think of your faults, still less of other's faults look for what is good and strong, and try to imitate it. Your faults will drop off, like dead leaves, when their time comes.;John Ruskin;time
The best time for you to hold your tongue is the time you feel you must say something or bust.;Josh Billings;time
First love is a kind of vaccination which saves a man from catching the complaint the second time.;Honore de Balzac;time
Next time I tell you someone from Texas should not be president of the United States, please pay attention.;Molly Ivins;time
I wish life was not so short, he thought. languages take such a time, and so do all the things one wants to know about.;J. R. R. Tolkien;time
Laws are silent in time of war.;Marcus Tullius Cicero;time
If I hold back, I'm no good. I'm no good. I'd rather be good sometimes, than holding back all the time.;Janis Joplin;time
It's the same each time with progress. First they ignore you, then they say you're mad, then dangerous, then there's a pause and then you can't find anyone who disagrees with you.;Tony Benn;time
Time is the most precious element of human existence. The successful person knows how to put energy into time and how to draw success from time.;Denis Waitley;time
To keep it simple you run your gym like you run your house. Keep it clean and in good running order. No jerks allowed, members pay on time and if they give you any crap, throw them out. There's peace where there's order.;Joe Gold;time
Time is the scarcest resource and unless it is managed nothing else can be managed.;Peter Drucker;time
I feel when somebody has been playing cricket for a long time, he creates a separate identity for himself.;Sachin Tendulkar;time
I live in a crazy time.;Anne Frank;time
A man may speak very well in the House of Commons, and fail very completely in the House of Lords. There are two distinct styles requisite: I intend, in the course of my career, if I have time, to give a specimen of both.;Benjamin Disraeli;time
People have taken time out of their day and spent their money to come sit down at a concert. And it's jazz music-it's not easy for them to get to it. I don't want them ever to feel that I'm taking their presence lightly.;Wynton Marsalis;time
Computers may save time but they sure waste a lot of paper. About 98 percent of everything printed out by a computer is garbage that no one ever reads.;Andy Rooney;time
When it's time for me to walk away from something, I walk away from it. My mind, my body, my conscience tell me that enough is enough.;Jerry West;time
It is easier to be a lover than a husband for the simple reason that it is more difficult to be witty every day than to say pretty things from time to time.;Honore de Balzac;time
Not a single time have we gotten a right from Congress or from the President. We get them from God.;Glenn Beck;time
I'm trying to stay as calm as possible and focus one day at a time, but when reality sets in, I feel everything: anxiety, excitement, nerves, pressure and joy.;Shawn Johnson;time
One of the most pervasive political visions of our time is the vision of liberals as compassionate and conservatives as less caring.;Thomas Sowell;time
We are at the very beginning of time for the human race. It is not unreasonable that we grapple with problems. But there are tens of thousands of years in the future. Our responsibility is to do what we can, learn what we can, improve the solutions, and pass them on.;Richard P. Feynman;time
If you start using a medication in a person with autism, you should see an obvious improvement in behavior in a short period of time. If you do not see an obvious improvement, they probably should not be taking the stuff. It is that simple.;Temple Grandin;time
Boredom is the feeling that everything is a waste of time serenity, that nothing is.;Thomas Szasz;time
The innocent and the beautiful have no enemy but time.;William Butler Yeats;time
In wisdom gathered over time I have found that every experience is a form of exploration.;Ansel Adams;time
Yet, when child sex offenders are brought to justice and serve time for their offenses, they are often released into unsuspecting communities and left free to resume their sexual attacks.;Bob Ney;time
Future shock is the shattering stress and disorientation that we induce in individuals by subjecting them to too much change in too short a time.;Alvin Toffler;time
Any time three New Yorkers get into a cab without an argument, a bank has just been robbed.;Phyllis Diller;time
The most thought-provoking thing in our thought-provoking time is that we are still not thinking.;Martin Heidegger;time
Every parent is at some time the father of the unreturned prodigal, with nothing to do but keep his house open to hope.;John Ciardi;time
The pressure on young chefs today is far greater than ever before in terms of social skills, marketing skills, cooking skills, personality and, more importantly, delivering on the plate. So you need to be strong. Physically fit. So my chefs get weighed every time they come into the kitchen.;Gordon Ramsay;time
My father wasn't around when I was a kid, and I used to always say, 'Why me? Why don't I have a father? Why isn't he around? Why did he leave my mother?' But as I got older I looked deeper and thought, 'I don't know what my father was going through, but if he was around all the time, would I be who I am today?';LeBron James;time
Thanks to television, for the first time the young are seeing history made before it is censored by their elders.;Margaret Mead;time
I will continue to work as hard as I can to make this organization proud. Every time I step on the field I will give everything I have and I will leave everything I have on the field every single Sunday.;Tim Tebow;time
Seek always to do some good, somewhere. Every man has to seek in his own way to realize his true worth. You must give some time to your fellow man. For remember, you don't live in a world all your own. Your brothers are here too.;Albert Schweitzer;time
One does not discover new lands without consenting to lose sight of the shore for a very long time.;Andre Gide;time
There is a time for risky love. There is a time for extravagant gestures. There is a time to pour out your affections on one you love. And when the time comes - seize it, don't miss it.;Max Lucado;time
The shortest period of time lies between the minute you put some money away for a rainy day and the unexpected arrival of rain.;Jane Bryant Quinn;time
Be of service. Whether you make yourself available to a friend or co-worker, or you make time every month to do volunteer work, there is nothing that harvests more of a feeling of empowerment than being of service to someone in need.;Gillian Anderson;time
You're only as young as the last time you changed your mind.;Timothy Leary;time
The time at our disposal each day is elastic the passions we feel dilate it, those that inspire us shrink it, and habit fills it.;Marcel Proust;time
Growing old is no more than a bad habit which a busy person has no time to form.;Andre Maurois;time
One never reaches home, but wherever friendly paths intersect the whole world looks like home for a time.;Hermann Hesse;time
A time will come when a politician who has willfully made war and promoted international dissension will be as sure of the dock and much surer of the noose than a private homicide. It is not reasonable that those who gamble with men's lives should not stake their own.;H. G. Wells;time
Time is neutral and does not change things. With courage and initiative, leaders change things.;Jesse Jackson;time
Portland, Oregon won't build a mile of road without a mile of bike path. You can commute there, even with that weather, all the time.;Lance Armstrong;time
Christmas is the day that holds all time together.;Alexander Smith;time
I sacrifice in my love life and my social life, but those things will be there in three or four years. This is a really important time in my life. I can't just be the girl who sang 'I Kissed a Girl.' I have to leave a legacy.;Katy Perry;time
Nothing great is created suddenly, any more than a bunch of grapes or a fig. If you tell me that you desire a fig. I answer you that there must be time. Let it first blossom, then bear fruit, then ripen.;Epictetus;time
If there existed no external means for dimming their consciences, one-half of the men would at once shoot themselves, because to live contrary to one's reason is a most intolerable state, and all men of our time are in such a state.;Leo Tolstoy;time
Realize that if you have time to whine and complain about something then you have the time to do something about it.;Anthony J. D'Angelo;time
(On seeing a former lover for the first time in years) I thought I told you to wait in the car.;Tallulah Bankhead;time
The only time some people work like a horse is when the boss rides them.;Gabriel Heatter;time
Natural science will in time incorporate into itself the science of man, just as the science of man will incorporate into itself natural science: there will be one science.;Karl Marx;time
I tell people I'm too stupid to know what's impossible. I have ridiculously large dreams, and half the time they come true.;Debi Thomas;time
Friends are thieves of time.;Francis Bacon;time
No one can possibly know what is about to happen: it is happening, each time, for the first time, for the only time.;James A. Baldwin;time
If you aren't good at loving yourself, you will have a difficult time loving anyone, since you'll resent the time and energy you give another person that you aren't even giving to yourself.;Barbara de Angelis;time
My creed is that: Happiness is the only good. The place to be happy is here. The time to be happy is now. The way to be happy is to make others so.;Robert Green Ingersoll;time
To talk about balance, it's easier to talk about what's out of balance. And I think anytime that you have any disease, and disease meaning lack of ease, lack of flow... dis-ease. So any time there's disease, you're out of balance, whether it's jealousy, anger, greed, anxiety, fear.;Ricky Williams;time
That which you create in beauty and goodness and truth lives on for all time to come. Don't spend your life accumulating material objects that will only turn to dust and ashes.;Denis Waitley;time
Music is nothing else but wild sounds civilized into time and tune.;Thomas Fuller;time
The greatest part of a writer's time is spent in reading in order to write. A man will turn over half a library to make a book.;Samuel Johnson;time
If it is your time, love will track you down like a cruise missile.;Lynda Barry;time
I don't know if I believe in love at first sight, but of course I believe in two people having chemistry right away. A girl should be really easy to talk to. When I lose track of time because we've been talking, I think that's really fun.;Zac Efron;time
Never give up, for that is just the place and time that the tide will turn.;Harriet Beecher Stowe;time
An artist is an artist only because of his exquisite sense of beauty, a sense which shows him intoxicating pleasures, but which at the same time implies and contains an equally exquisite sense of all deformities and all disproportion.;Charles Baudelaire;time
Life in the twentieth century is like a parachute jump: you have to get it right the first time.;Margaret Mead;time
I've got a theory that if you give 100% all of the time, somehow things will work out in the end.;Larry Bird;time
I didn't fully realize it at the time, but the goal of my life was profoundly molded by this experience - to help produce, in the next generation, more Mother Teresas and less Hitlers.;Elisabeth Kubler-Ross;time
I believe if there is any place left where the humanity is still visible, it can not be anywhere else than in an Islamic society. Time would come when the world would be obliged to accept this reality.;Jermaine Jackson;time
I think every entertainer's had nights when things go wrong. I mean you can't remember everything all the time, and especially if you're having hard times personally, things going on that you - you know, and then people make it worse. And that makes you feel worse.;Dolly Parton;time
So long as you have food in your mouth, you have solved all questions for the time being.;Franz Kafka;time
I am one of those scientists who feels that it is no longer enough just to get on and do science. We have to devote a significant proportion of our time and resources to defending it from deliberate attack from organised ignorance.;Richard Dawkins;time
To take a photograph is to participate in another person's mortality, vulnerability, mutability. Precisely by slicing out this moment and freezing it, all photographs testify to time's relentless melt.;Susan Sontag;time
I'm not comfortable being preachy, but more people need to start spending as much time in the library as they do on the basketball court.;Kareem Abdul-Jabbar;time
I try to do the right thing at the right time. They may just be little things, but usually they make the difference between winning and losing.;Kareem Abdul-Jabbar;time
Islam expect every Muslim to do this duty, and if we realise our responsibility time will come soon when we shall justify ourselves worthy of a glorious past.;Muhammad Ali Jinnah;time
Time is not measured by the passing of years but by what one does, what one feels, and what one achieves.;Jawaharlal Nehru;time
Eagles don't flock, you have to find them one at a time.;Ross Perot;time
Love is space and time measured by the heart.;Marcel Proust;time
No great idea in its beginning can ever be within the law. How can it be within the law? The law is stationary. The law is fixed. The law is a chariot wheel which binds us all regardless of conditions or place or time.;Emma Goldman;time
Of course, everybody makes mistakes, and we've all been young and stupid. But people need to have a sense of respect, particularly in this business, because hundreds of people are ready to take your place at any time. Maybe some people should think about that.;Sophia Bush;time
In every battle there comes a time when both sides consider themselves beaten, then he who continues the attack wins.;Ulysses S. Grant;time
I like somebody who's not so crazy but likes to have a good time... and who is thoughtful and kind and easy to laugh with. Somebody you can just be yourself with one hundred and fifty percent.;Kate Bosworth;time
Life is like an onion. You peel it off one layer at a time, and sometimes you weep.;Carl Sandburg;time
When I sing, I feel like when you're first in love. It's more than sex. It's that point two people can get to they call love, when you really touch someone for the first time, but it's gigantic, multiplied by the whole audience. I feel chills.;Janis Joplin;time
Life is a series of steps. Things are done gradually. Once in a while there is a giant step, but most of the time we are taking small, seemingly insignificant steps on the stairway of life.;Ralph Ransom;time
Don't ever let economic alone determine your career or how you spend the majority of your time.;Denis Waitley;time
The best time I ever had with Joan Crawford was when I pushed her down the stairs in Whatever Happened to Baby Jane?;Bette Davis;time
Ego is a social fiction for which one person at a time gets all the blame.;Robert Anton Wilson;time
Anyone who says they're not afraid at the time of a hurricane is either a fool or a liar, or a little bit of both.;Anderson Cooper;time
Vanity of science. Knowledge of physical science will not console me for ignorance of morality in time of affliction, but knowledge of morality will always console me for ignorance of physical science.;Blaise Pascal;time
Do not wait the time will never be 'just right.' Start where you stand, and work with whatever tools you may have at your command, and better tools will be found as you go along.;George Herbert;time
Those who make the worst use of their time are the first to complain of its shortness.;Jean de la Bruyere;time
The person who grieves suffers his passion to grow upon him he indulges it, he loves it but this never happens in the case of actual pain, which no man ever willingly endured for any considerable time.;Edmund Burke;time
Only in our dreams are we free. The rest of the time we need wages.;Terry Pratchett;time
90 percent of my time is spent on 10 percent of the world.;Colin Powell;time
I'm Irish. I think about death all the time.;Jack Nicholson;time
If we think we have ours and don't owe any time or money or effort to help those left behind, then we are a part of the problem rather than the solution to the fraying social fabric that threatens all Americans.;Marian Wright Edelman;time
If you look - look at - I mean, look at what's going on with your gasoline prices. They're going to go to $5, $6, $7 and we don't have anybody in Washington that calls OPEC and says, 'Fellas, it's time. It's over. You're not going to do it anymore.';Donald Trump;time
I try to forget about the expectation that's out there and the audience listening for the next thing so that I'm not trying to please them. I've spent a huge amount of time not communicating with those folks and denying that they exist.;Chuck Palahniuk;time
Winning is overrated. The only time it is really important is in surgery and war.;Al McGuire;time
Here or henceforward it is all the same to me, I accept Time absolutely.;Walt Whitman;time
Let us learn to appreciate there will be times when the trees will be bare, and look forward to the time when we may pick the fruit.;Anton Chekhov;time
There's much to be said for feeling numb. Time passes more quickly. You eat less, and because numbness encourages laziness, you do fewer things, good or bad, and the world's probably a better place for it.;Doug Coupland;time
The noir hero is a knight in blood caked armor. He's dirty and he does his best to deny the fact that he's a hero the whole time.;Frank Miller;time
Every great film should seem new every time you see it.;Roger Ebert;time
Truth is the daughter of time, not of authority.;Francis Bacon;time
There are a lot of things that are personally uncomfortable to show, especially me without makeup and completely bloated or crying. But I've realized that it's time for me to show my audience that you don't have to be perfect to achieve your dreams. Because nobody relates to being perfect.;Katy Perry;time
What makes photography a strange invention is that its primary raw materials are light and time.;John Berger;time
Time, which changes people, does not alter the image we have retained of them.;Marcel Proust;time
I just go where my heart tells me, where my gut tells me to go, where I'm enjoying my life the most, where I feel like I can have the most success. I've truly enjoyed my experience in NASCAR, to the point that I want to do it full time.;Danica Patrick;time
Cancer victims who don't accept their fate, who don't learn to live with it, will only destroy what little time they have left.;Ingrid Bergman;time
Time destroys the speculation of men, but it confirms nature.;Marcus Tullius Cicero;time
I would feel more optimistic about a bright future for man if he spent less time proving that he can outwit Nature and more time tasting her sweetness and respecting her seniority.;E. B. White;time
I've learned from experience that if you work harder at it, and apply more energy and time to it, and more consistency, you get a better result. It comes from the work.;Louis C. K.;time
I'm embarrassed every time I look a teacher in the eye, because we ask them to do so much for so little.;Phil McGraw;time
You will launch many projects, but have time to finish only a few. So think, plan, develop, launch and tap good people to be responsible. Give them authority and hold them accountable. Trying to do too much yourself creates a bottleneck.;Donald Rumsfeld;time
Our soul is cast into a body, where it finds number, time, dimension. Thereupon it reasons, and calls this nature necessity, and can believe nothing else.;Blaise Pascal;time
When we disclaim praise, it is only showing our desire to be praised a second time.;Francois de La Rochefoucauld;time
All my life, whenever it comes time to make a decision, I make it and forget about it.;Harry S. Truman;time
The first time I see a jogger smiling, I'll consider it.;Joan Rivers;time
On average, drug prisoners spend more time in federal prison than rapists, who often get out on early release because of the overcrowding in prison caused by the Drug War.;Michael Badnarik;time
Time is precious, but truth is more precious than time.;Benjamin Disraeli;time
A good athlete always mentally replays a competition over and over, even in victory, to see what might be done to improve the performance the next time.;Frank Shorter;time
A simple fact that is hard to learn is that the time to save money is when you have some.;Joe Moore;time
Young poets bewail the passing of love old poets, the passing of time. There is surprisingly little difference.;Mason Cooley;time
There is no waste of time in life like that of making explanations.;Benjamin Disraeli;time
I'm convinced that the man who has learned to meditate upon the Lord will be able to run on his feet and walk in his spirit. Although he may be hurried by his vocation, that's not the issue. The issue is how fast his spirit is going. To slow it down takes a period of time.;Charles Stanley;time
Consciousness is our only reprieve from Time.;Mason Cooley;time
The man of sensibility is too busy talking about his feelings to have time for good deeds.;Mason Cooley;time
Employee of the month is a good example of how somebody can be both a winner and a loser at the same time.;Demetri Martin;time
What troubles me is the Internet and the electronic technology revolution. Shyness is fueled in part by so many people spending huge amounts of time alone, isolated on e-mail, in chat rooms, which reduces their face-to-face contact with other people.;Philip Zimbardo;time
I feel there are two people inside me - me and my intuition. If I go against her, she'll screw me every time, and if I follow her, we get along quite nicely.;Kim Basinger;time
Born again?! No, I'm not. Excuse me for getting it right the first time.;Dennis Miller;time
Failure happens all the time. It happens every day in practice. What makes you better is how you react to it.;Mia Hamm;time
The first time you marry for love, the second for money, and the third for companionship.;Jackie Kennedy;time
If the Romans had been obliged to learn Latin, they would never have found time to conquer the world.;Heinrich Heine;time
Men know everything - all of them - all the time - no matter how stupid or inexperienced or arrogant or ignorant they are.;Andrea Dworkin;time
Getting an audience is hard. Sustaining an audience is hard. It demands a consistency of thought, of purpose, and of action over a long period of time.;Bruce Springsteen;time
In time of war the laws are silent.;Marcus Tullius Cicero;time
The long time to come when I shall not exist has more effect on me than this short present time, which nevertheless seems endless.;Marcus Tullius Cicero;time
Because when you have millions of people with this kind of need for gratification, and the culture is saying that it's possible for everyone to satisfy all of their needs and desires all of the time, there are obviously going to be clashes - clashes of ego.;Taylor Hackford;time
If I could wake up in a different place, at a different time, could I wake up as a different person?;Chuck Palahniuk;time
I had become, with the approach of night, once more aware of loneliness and time - those two companions without whom no journey can yield us anything.;Lawrence Durrell;time
No distance of place or lapse of time can lessen the friendship of those who are thoroughly persuaded of each other's worth.;Robert Southey;time
Time is not a thing, thus nothing which is, and yet it remains constant in its passing away without being something temporal like the beings in time.;Martin Heidegger;time
Where I am today... I still have my ups and downs, but I take it one day at a time and I just hope that I can be the best that I can possibly be, not only for myself, but also young people that are out there today that need someone to look up to.;Demi Lovato;time
My own time is passing fast enough without some national game to help it along.;Andy Rooney;time
We are so used to dissembling with others that in time we come to deceive and dissemble with ourselves.;Francois de La Rochefoucauld;time
When you encounter difficulties and contradictions, do not try to break them, but bend them with gentleness and time.;Saint Francis de Sales;time
A man must dream a long time in order to act with grandeur, and dreaming is nursed in darkness.;Jean Genet;time
How time files when you's doin' all the talking.;Harvey Fierstein;time
Time will tell us what we did and didn't do.;Harvey Fierstein;time
Winners take time to relish their work, knowing that scaling the mountain is what makes the view from the top so exhilarating.;Denis Waitley;time
By recollecting the pleasures I have had formerly, I renew them, I enjoy them a second time, while I laugh at the remembrance of troubles now past, and which I no longer feel.;Giacomo Casanova;time
I'm a romantic, and we romantics are more sensitive to the way people feel. We love more, and we hurt more. When we're hurt, we hurt for a long time.;Freddy Fender;time
I suppose, in a way, this has become part of my soul. It is a symbol of my life. Whatever I have done that really matters, I've done wearing it. When the time comes, it will be in this that I journey forth. What greater honor could come to an American, and a soldier?;Douglas MacArthur;time
When you play it too safe, you're taking the biggest risk of your life. Time is the only wealth we're given.;Barbara Sher;time
Service is the rent we pay for being. It is the very purpose of life, and not something you do in your spare time.;Marian Wright Edelman;time
A great artist is always before his time or behind it.;George Edward Moore;time
I am what time, circumstance, history, have made of me, certainly, but I am also, much more than that. So are we all.;James A. Baldwin;time
No thieves, no traitors, no interventionists! This time the revolution is for real!;Fidel Castro;time
I tend to stay up late, not because I'm partying but because it's the only time of the day when I'm alone and don't have to be performing.;Jim Carrey;time
As we celebrate Recovery Month, it is time for Congress to knock down the barriers to treatment and recovery for 26 million Americans suffering the ravages of alcohol and drug addiction.;Jim Ramstad;time
From the time I was a kid, I always knew something was going to happen to me. Didn't know exactly what.;Elvis Presley;time
I do believe sometimes discipline is very important. I'm not just lying around like a lazy cow all the time.;Bjork;time
We are at our very best, and we are happiest, when we are fully engaged in work we enjoy on the journey toward the goal we've established for ourselves. It gives meaning to our time off and comfort to our sleep. It makes everything else in life so wonderful, so worthwhile.;Earl Nightingale;time
That's my only goal. Surround myself with funny people, and make sure everyone has a good time and works hard.;Joe Rogan;time
I never said I wanted to be around for a long time. I always said I wanted to be here for a good time.;Kid Rock;time
At least the Pilgrim Fathers used to shoot Indians: the Pilgrim Children merely punch time clocks.;e. e. cummings;time
Alcohol is a very patient drug. It will wait for the alcoholic to pick it up one more time.;Mercedes McCambridge;time
I'm in prison. But my heart and mind is free. Gangsta haters on the streets are doing more time than me. They need 30 police escorts with them every time they walk down the street.;Suge Knight;time
The boys of my people began very young to learn the ways of men, and no one taught us we just learned by doing what we saw, and we were warriors at a time when boys now are like girls.;Black Elk;time
The Super Bowl isn't for kids, I had a great time though and it was worth every nickel of it because by doing this lame piece about the game I can put it on my expense account.;Andy Rooney;time
Now I'm fighting cancer, everybody knows that. People ask me all the time about how you go through your life and how's your day, and nothing is changed for me.;Jim Valvano;time
Christmas is, of course, the time to be home - in heart as well as body.;Garry Moore;time
Acting has given me a way to channel my angst. I feel like an overweight, pimply faced kid a lot of the time - and finding a way to access that insecurity, and put it toward something creative is incredibly rewarding. I feel very lucky.;Ryan Reynolds;time
The first time you say something, it's heard. The second time, it's recognized, and the third time it's learned.;John C. Maxwell;time
I passionately hate the idea of being with it I think an artist has always to be out of step with his time.;Orson Welles;time
What will I be doing in twenty years' time? I'll be dead, darling! Are you crazy?;Freddie Mercury;time
Time flies over us, but leaves it shadow behind.;Nathaniel Hawthorne;time
A few years' experience will convince us that those things which at the time they happened we regarded as our greatest misfortunes have proved our greatest blessings.;George Mason;time
If you're climbing the ladder of life, you go rung by rung, one step at a time. Don't look too far up, set your goals high but take one step at a time. Sometimes you don't think you're progressing until you step back and see how high you've really gone.;Donny Osmond;time
Creative people don't behave very well generally. If you're looking for examples of good relationships in show business, you're gonna be depressed real fast. I don't have time for anything else right now but work and my daughter. She's my first priority.;Jim Carrey;time
If one is master of one thing and understands one thing well, one has at the same time, insight into and understanding of many things.;Vincent Van Gogh;time
Don't forget it's daylight savings time. You spring forward, then you fall back. It's like Robert Downey Jr. getting out of bed.;David Letterman;time
The richest love is that which submits to the arbitration of time.;Lawrence Durrell;time
Sometimes your friends are your lovers, or have been at one time.;Axl Rose;time
When I write stuff and I help cast it, I turn away good people all the time. I may turn them down because this one's too tall and that one doesn't have a high enough voice or this one looks to old to match up with that one - there's a billion reasons not to hire somebody.;Harvey Fierstein;time
I think there are certain folks in Missouri that don't trust government. And they haven't trusted government for a long time.;Claire McCaskill;time
Every time you walk down the street people are screaming, 'You're fired!';Donald Trump;time
Every time I write something, I think, this is the most offensive thing I will ever write. But no. I always surprise myself.;Chuck Palahniuk;time
It takes less time to do a thing right, than it does to explain why you did it wrong.;Henry Wadsworth Longfellow;time
I can mention many moments that were unforgettable and revelatory. But the most single revelatory three minutes was the first time I put on scuba gear and dived on a coral reef. It's just the unbelievable fact that you can move in three dimensions.;David Attenborough;time
A pain stabbed my heart as it did every time I saw a girl I loved who was going the opposite direction in this too-big world.;Jack Kerouac;time
Time goes on. So whatever you're going to do, do it. Do it now. Don't wait.;Robert De Niro;time
Old age is an excellent time for outrage. My goal is to say or do at least one outrageous thing every week.;Louis Kronenberger;time
If we don't get gun-control laws in this country, we are full of beans. To have the National Rifle Association rule the United States is pathetic. And I agree with Mayor Michael Bloomberg: It's time to put up or shut up about gun control for both parties.;Harvey Weinstein;time
In order to experience everyday spirituality, we need to remember that we are spiritual beings spending some time in a human body.;Barbara de Angelis;time
Love is a piano dropped from a fourth story window, and you were in the wrong place at the wrong time.;Ani DiFranco;time
Where does discontent start? You are warm enough, but you shiver. You are fed, yet hunger gnaws you. You have been loved, but your yearning wanders in new fields. And to prod all these there's time, the Bastard Time.;John Steinbeck;time
Aging gracefully is supposed to mean trying not to hide time passing and just looking a wreck. Don't worry girls, look like a wreck, that's the way it goes.;Jeanne Moreau;time
The way to work with a bully is to take the ball and go home. First time, every time. When there's no ball, there's no game. Bullies hate that. So they'll either behave so they can play with you or they'll go bully someone else.;Seth Godin;time
And as a character, what I found very inspiring about playing Dharma, especially at that time, is that the women on television were more neurotic than they were free. And I thought, this is a rare bird and this is unique on television and I think it's really refreshing.;Jenna Elfman;time
There are no secrets that time does not reveal.;Jean Racine;time
Try not to have a good time... this is supposed to be educational.;Charles M. Schulz;time
I like ice hockey, but it's a frustrating game to watch. It's hard to keep your eyes on both the puck and the players and too much time passes between scoring in hockey. There are usually more fights than there are points.;Andy Rooney;time
Our enemies can deal a blow to us any time they wish. They did not wait for permission to do this. They do not deal a blow with prior notice. They do not take action because they can't.;Mahmoud Ahmadinejad;time
Every possession and every happiness is but lent by chance for an uncertain time, and may therefore be demanded back the next hour.;Arthur Schopenhauer;time
Our birthdays are feathers in the broad wing of time.;Jean Paul;time
Any time you think you have the game conquered, the game will turn around and punch you right in the nose.;Mike Schmidt;time
Today, for the first time in history, a Bishop of Rome sets foot on English soil. This fair land, once a distant outpost of the pagan world, has become, through the preaching of the Gospel, a beloved and gifted portion of Christ's vineyard.;Pope John Paul II;time
The first time I sang in the church choir two hundred people changed their religion.;Fred Allen;time
You never give away your heart you lend it from time to time. If it were not so, how could we take it back without asking?;Jeanette Winterson;time
People might not think that, but the Republicans have all of the cards. And this is the time to get rid of Obamacare. This is the time to make the great deal.;Donald Trump;time
Children are smarter than any of us. Know how I know that? I don't know one child with a full time job and children.;Bill Hicks;time
The proper function of man is to live, not to exist. I shall not waste my days in trying to prolong them. I shall use my time.;Jack London;time
And know that I am with you always yes, to the end of time.;Jesus Christ;time
You know, maybe I was just born in the wrong time, but I love all things romantic. Puffy understands that. For my last birthday, he covered my hotel room floor with rose petals and had flowers and candles all over the room.;Jennifer Lopez;time
Voting is a right best exercised by people who have taken time to learn about the issues.;Tony Snow;time
People who don't know me have opinions about me. That's the part that's very hurtful. Because how do you form an opinion about somebody if you've never met them or spent any time with them? So it's all based upon hearsay or things that they've read.;Rick Barry;time
You get ideas from daydreaming. You get ideas from being bored. You get ideas all the time. The only difference between writers and other people is we notice when we're doing it.;Neil Gaiman;time
To live in this world, you must be able to do three things: to love what is mortal to hold it against your bones knowing your own life depends on it and, when the time comes to let it go, to let it go.;Mary Oliver;time
If I have to move up in a building, I choose the elevator over the escalator. Because one time I was riding the escalator and I tripped. I fell down the stairs for an hour and a half.;Demetri Martin;time
I'm being treated like a sex object, cried the lady. No matter. I will take care of it, said Time soothingly.;Mason Cooley;time
Suicide, moreover, was at the time in vogue in Paris: what more suitable key to the mystery of life for a skeptical society?;Honore de Balzac;time
No story is the same to us after a lapse of time or rather we who read it are no longer the same interpreters.;George Eliot;time
Sixth grade was a big time, in my childhood, of hoops and friendship, and coming up with funny things.;Adam Sandler;time
All of the great leaders have had one characteristic in common: it was the willingness to confront unequivocally the major anxiety of their people in their time. This, and not much else, is the essence of leadership.;John Kenneth Galbraith;time
I do not read advertisements. I would spend all of my time wanting things.;Franz Kafka;time
October is a fine and dangerous season in America. a wonderful time to begin anything at all. You go to college, and every course in the catalogue looks wonderful.;Thomas Merton;time
I think an artist has always to be out of step with his time.;Orson Welles;time
A lot of people would be embarrassed to admit that they were on 'Barney', but I embrace the fact. I just had such a wonderful time doing that show. I learned what a camera and prop is, and all that. I learned my manners too, so I guess that's a good thing!;Selena Gomez;time
Nixon is one of the few in the history of this country to run for high office talking out of both sides of his mouth at the same time and lying out of both sides.;Harry S. Truman;time
It's plain hokum. If you can't convince 'em, confuse 'em. It's an old political trick. But this time it won't work.;Harry S. Truman;time
It's time to get real, folks. Hope and change ain't working. Hope and change is not a solution. Hope and change is not a job.;Herman Cain;time
No country can act wisely simultaneously in every part of the globe at every moment of time.;Henry A. Kissinger;time
To be a Negro in this country and to be relatively conscious is to be in a rage almost all the time.;James A. Baldwin;time
It is better to travel well than to arrive.;Buddha;travel
Perhaps travel cannot prevent bigotry, but by demonstrating that all peoples cry, laugh, eat, worry, and die, it can introduce the idea that if we try and understand each other, we may even become friends.;Maya Angelou;travel
One travels more usefully when alone, because he reflects more.;Thomas Jefferson;travel
Though we travel the world over to find the beautiful, we must carry it with us or we find it not.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;travel
The World is a book, and those who do not travel read only a page.;Saint Augustine;travel
Never go on trips with anyone you do not love.;Ernest Hemingway;travel
What does it mean to pre-board? Do you get on before you get on?;George Carlin;travel
I dislike feeling at home when I am abroad.;George Bernard Shaw;travel
I travel not to go anywhere, but to go. I travel for travel's sake. The great affair is to move.;Robert Louis Stevenson;travel
We travel, some of us forever, to seek other states, other lives, other souls.;Anais Nin;travel
If you wish to travel far and fast, travel light. Take off all your envies, jealousies, unforgiveness, selfishness and fears.;Cesare Pavese;travel
Reminds me of my safari in Africa. Somebody forgot the corkscrew and for several days we had to live on nothing but food and water.;W. C. Fields;travel
To travel is to discover that everyone is wrong about other countries.;Aldous Huxley;travel
Travel, in the younger sort, is a part of education in the elder, a part of experience.;Francis Bacon;travel
I've always enjoyed traveling and having experience with different cultures and different people. But it's also a wonderful thing to be able to benefit and enable research, not only in our country but around the world.;Laurel Clark;travel
The traveler sees what he sees, the tourist sees what he has come to see.;Gilbert K. Chesterton;travel
When traveling with someone, take large does of patience and tolerance with your morning coffee.;Helen Hayes;travel
No one realizes how beautiful it is to travel until he comes home and rests his head on his old, familiar pillow.;Lin Yutang;travel
Like all great travellers, I have seen more than I remember, and remember more than I have seen.;Benjamin Disraeli;travel
He travels the fastest who travels alone.;Rudyard Kipling;travel
Travelers repose and dream among my leaves.;William Blake;travel
Our deeds still travel with us from afar, and what we have been makes us what we are.;George Eliot;travel
To the lover of wilderness, Alaska is one of the most wonderful countries in the world.;John Muir;travel
It is not fit that every man should travel it makes a wise man better, and a fool worse.;William Hazlitt;travel
A wise traveler never despises his own country.;William Hazlitt;travel
Just got back from a pleasure trip: I took my mother-in-law to the airport.;Henny Youngman;travel
Airplane travel is nature's way of making you look like your passport photo.;Al Gore;travel
In America there are two classes of travel - first class, and with children.;Robert Benchley;travel
You know more of a road by having traveled it than by all the conjectures and descriptions in the world.;William Hazlitt;travel
You define a good flight by negatives: you didn't get hijacked, you didn't crash, you didn't throw up, you weren't late, you weren't nauseated by the food. So you are grateful.;Paul Theroux;travel
Travelers never think that they are the foreigners.;Mason Cooley;travel
The traveler was active he went strenuously in search of people, of adventure, of experience. The tourist is passive he expects interesting things to happen to him. He goes 'sight-seeing.';Daniel J. Boorstin;travel
A man travels the world in search of what he needs and returns home to find it.;George Edward Moore;travel
Why, I'd like nothing better than to achieve some bold adventure, worthy of our trip.;Aristophanes;travel
The world is a country which nobody ever yet knew by description one must travel through it one's self to be acquainted with it.;Lord Chesterfield;travel
Every perfect traveler always creates the country where he travels.;Nikos Kazantzakis;travel
Tourists don't know where they've been, travelers don't know where they're going.;Paul Theroux;travel
Certainly, travel is more than the seeing of sights it is a change that goes on, deep and permanent, in the ideas of living.;Miriam Beard;travel
When I go on Japanese Airlines, I really love it because I like Japanese food.;Phil Collins;travel
Traveling, you realize that differences are lost: each city takes to resembling all cities, places exchange their form, order, distances, a shapeless dust cloud invades the continents.;Italo Calvino;travel
Venice is like eating an entire box of chocolate liqueurs in one go.;Truman Capote;travel
We wander for distraction, but we travel for fulfillment.;Hilaire Belloc;travel
I love short trips to New York to me it is the finest three-day town on earth.;James Cameron;travel
I think a major element of jetlag is psychological. Nobody ever tells me what time it is at home.;David Attenborough;travel
Travel becomes a strategy for accumulating photographs.;Susan Sontag;travel
The time to enjoy a European trip is about three weeks after unpacking.;George Ade;travel
I never make a trip to the United States without visiting a supermarket. To me they are more fascinating than any fashion salon.;Wallis Simpson;travel
Everyone carries his own inch rule of taste, and amuses himself by applying it, triumphantly, wherever he travels.;Henry Adams;travel
If one had but a single glance to give the world, one should gaze on Istanbul.;Alphonse de Lamartine;travel
I am not a great cook, I am not a great artist, but I love art, and I love food, so I am the perfect traveller.;Michael Palin;travel
When the traveler goes alone he gets acquainted with himself.;Liberty Hyde Bailey;travel
Travel can be one of the most rewarding forms of introspection.;Lawrence Durrell;travel
No matter where I've been overseas, the food stinks, except in Italy.;Carmen Electra;travel
Travel is glamorous only in retrospect.;Paul Theroux;travel
Certain travellers give the impression that they keep moving because only then do they feel fully alive.;Ella Maillart;travel
You get educated by traveling.;Solange Knowles;travel
The hardest part is to travel, and to be away from your family.;Glenn Tipton;travel
My wife and I have so much fun when we travel and find anything... like stray cats and squirrels.;Eric Roberts;travel
The attention of a traveller, should be particularly turned, in the first place, to the various works of Nature, to mark the distinctions of the climates he may explore, and to offer such useful observations on the different productions as may occur.;William Bartram;travel
My parents and my grandfather on my mom's side would travel the earth. They went to Australia and China, and they went to probably every soccer game I ever played.;Brandi Chastain;travel
Travelling expands the mind rarely.;Hans Christian Andersen;travel
Traveling is the ruin of all happiness! There's no looking at a building after seeing Italy.;Fanny Burney;travel
Airline travel is hours of boredom interrupted by moments of stark terror.;Al Boliska;travel
A journey by Sea and Land, Five Hundred Miles, is not undertaken without money.;Lewis Hallam;travel
In both business and personal life, I've always found that travel inspires me more than anything else I do. Evidence of the languages, cultures, scenery, food, and design sensibilities that I discover all over the world can be found in every piece of my jewelry.;Ivanka Trump;travel
On long haul flights I always drink loads and loads of water and eat light and healthy food.;Lisa Snowdon;travel
The trouble with travelling back later on is that you can never repeat the same experience.;Michael Palin;travel
I get pretty much all the exercise I need walking down airport concourses carrying bags.;Guy Clark;travel
When I'm in London I do have the convenience of being close to St James Park which is also good for me because it gives me an excuse to get out and get some much needed exercise!;David Blunkett;travel
Traveling is seeing it is the implicit that we travel by.;Cynthia Ozick;travel
If you travel first class, you think first class and you are more likely to play first class.;Ray Floyd;travel
Travel, which was once either a necessity or an adventure, has become very largely a commodity, and from all sides we are persuaded into thinking that it is a social requirement, too.;Jan Morris;travel
We are what our thoughts have made us so take care about what you think. Words are secondary. Thoughts live they travel far.;Swami Vivekananda;travel
A lie can travel half way around the world while the truth is putting on its shoes.;Charles Spurgeon;travel
If you want to succeed you should strike out on new paths, rather than travel the worn paths of accepted success.;John D. Rockefeller;travel
It is for us to pray not for tasks equal to our powers, but for powers equal to our tasks, to go forward with a great desire forever beating at the door of our hearts as we travel toward our distant goal.;Helen Keller;travel
I never travel without my diary. One should always have something sensational to read in the train.;Oscar Wilde;travel
I had rather have a fool to make me merry than experience to make me sad and to travel for it too!;William Shakespeare;travel
In college I never realized the opportunities available to a pro athlete. I've been given the chance to meet all kinds of people, to travel and expand my financial capabilities, to get ideas and learn about life, to create a world apart from basketball.;Michael Jordan;travel
My message, especially to young people is to have courage to think differently, courage to invent, to travel the unexplored path, courage to discover the impossible and to conquer the problems and succeed. These are great qualities that they must work towards. This is my message to the young people.;Abdul Kalam;travel
Writing and travel broaden your ass if not your mind and I like to write standing up.;Ernest Hemingway;travel
When a place gets crowded enough to require ID's, social collapse is not far away. It is time to go elsewhere. The best thing about space travel is that it made it possible to go elsewhere.;Robert A. Heinlein;travel
The land created me. I'm wild and lonesome. Even as I travel the cities, I'm more at home in the vacant lots.;Bob Dylan;travel
Hurt leads to bitterness, bitterness to anger, travel too far that road and the way is lost.;Terry Brooks;travel
For my part, I travel not to go anywhere, but to go. I travel for travel's sake. The great affair is to move.;Robert Louis Stevenson;travel
To travel hopefully is a better thing than to arrive.;Robert Louis Stevenson;travel
Uncontrolled, the hunger and thirst after God may become an obstacle, cutting off the soul from what it desires. If a man would travel far along the mystic road, he must learn to desire God intensely but in stillness, passively and yet with all his heart and mind and strength.;Aldous Huxley;travel
You and I come by road or rail, but economists travel on infrastructure.;Margaret Thatcher;travel
Everywhere is nowhere. When a person spends all his time in foreign travel, he ends by having many acquaintances, but no friends.;Lucius Annaeus Seneca;travel
People commonly travel the world over to see rivers and mountains, new stars, garish birds, freak fish, grotesque breeds of human they fall into an animal stupor that gapes at existence and they think they have seen something.;Soren Kierkegaard;travel
I want to teach. I want to speak. I want to travel.;Hillary Clinton;travel
The man who never in his mind and thoughts travel'd to heaven is no artist.;William Blake;travel
Time travel used to be thought of as just science fiction, but Einstein's general theory of relativity allows for the possibility that we could warp space-time so much that you could go off in a rocket and return before you set out.;Stephen Hawking;travel
The whole object of travel is not to set foot on foreign land it is at last to set foot on one's own country as a foreign land.;Gilbert K. Chesterton;travel
Travel teaches toleration.;Benjamin Disraeli;travel
All travel has its advantages. If the passenger visits better countries, he may learn to improve his own. And if fortune carries him to worse, he may learn to enjoy it.;Samuel Johnson;travel
Travel makes a wise man better, and a fool worse.;Thomas Fuller;travel
People who don't travel cannot have a global view, all they see is what's in front of them. Those people cannot accept new things because all they know is where they live.;Martin Yan;travel
The cool thing about being famous is traveling. I have always wanted to travel across seas, like to Canada and stuff.;Britney Spears;travel
I do have to travel a lot for speaking engagements.;P. J. O'Rourke;travel
Man is an artifact designed for space travel. He is not designed to remain in his present biologic state any more than a tadpole is designed to remain a tadpole.;William S. Burroughs;travel
It always rains on tents. Rainstorms will travel thousands of miles, against prevailing winds for the opportunity to rain on a tent.;Dave Barry;travel
Strange - is it not? That of the myriads who Before us passed the door of Darkness through, Not one returns to tell us of the road Which to discover we must travel too.;Horace;travel
I have wandered all my life, and I have also traveled the difference between the two being this, that we wander for distraction, but we travel for fulfillment.;Hilaire Belloc;travel
I never saw a discontented tree. They grip the ground as though they liked it, and though fast rooted they travel about as far as we do.;John Muir;travel
Travel and society polish one, but a rolling stone gathers no moss, and a little moss is a good thing on a man.;John Burroughs;travel
Let me be a free man - free to travel, free to stop, free to work.;Chief Joseph;travel
I just travel the world with my backpack and my cameras and a bunch of Clif bars.;Henry Rollins;travel
We travel together, passengers on a little spaceship, dependent on it's vulnerable reserves of air and soil, all committed, for our safety, to it's security and peace. Preserved from annihilation only by the care, the work and the love we give our fragile craft.;Adlai E. Stevenson;travel
The first time probably people really were aware of me, I unfortunately had the title of Showtime's Funniest Person in America. And that's a really tough title to travel around with when you're not even known.;Ellen DeGeneres;travel
To read a writer is for me not merely to get an idea of what he says, but to go off with him and travel in his company.;Andre Gide;travel
To bring up a child in the way he should go, travel that way yourself once in a while.;Josh Billings;travel
I travel around the world constantly promoting my projects and endorsing products. Yes, I do get paid to go to parties in fact, I'm the person who started the whole trend of paid appearances. But when you see me at a party, I'm always working or promoting something.;Paris Hilton;travel
Life is an unfoldment, and the further we travel the more truth we can comprehend. To understand the things that are at our door is the best preparation for understanding those that lie beyond.;Hypatia;travel
The photograph reverses the purpose of travel, which until now had been to encounter the strange and unfamiliar.;Marshall McLuhan;travel
The way to Heaven is ascending we must be content to travel uphill, though it be hard and tiresome, and contrary to the natural bias of our flesh.;Jonathan Edwards;travel
I travel light. I think the most important thing is to be in a good mood and enjoy life, wherever you are.;Diane von Furstenberg;travel
I want to see friends more and travel more.;Jennifer Aniston;travel
An English man does not travel to see English men.;Laurence Sterne;travel
The one thing I regret was that my work required an enormous amount of my time, and a lot of travel.;Neil Armstrong;travel
I've met the most interesting people while flying or on a boat. These methods of travel seem to attract the kind of people I want to be with.;Hedy Lamarr;travel
I am blessed for what I have, but I believed in it from the beginning. Today, the dream is the same: I still want to travel, I still want to entertain, and I most certainly still want to have fun.;Guy Laliberte;travel
I am not unconscious of the persuasive power exerted by these considerations to drag men along in the current but I am not at liberty to travel that road.;Benjamin F. Wade;travel
The good news is that real-world hands-on conservation is alive and well and catching on across the America I travel.;Ted Nugent;travel
I really have created a family. I work with the people I love, I travel with them, I make films with them, and I'm in an office with them. So in a weird way - I know I haven't birthed a child - I feel that I'm a part of creating a family. It's a tribe. I love that word.;Drew Barrymore;travel
Dealing with global warming doesn't mean we have all got to suddenly stop breathing. Dealing with global warming means that we have to stop waste, and if you travel for no reason whatsoever, that is a waste.;David Attenborough;travel
Christmas to a child is the first terrible proof that to travel hopefully is better than to arrive.;Stephen Fry;travel
Thanks to the Interstate Highway System, it is now possible to travel across the country from coast to coast without seeing anything.;Charles Kuralt;travel
The secret to modern life is finding the measure in time management. I have two kids, career and I travel, and I don't think my life is any different than most couples. The most valuable commodity now for many people is time and how to parcel that out.;Hugh Jackman;travel
I have two kids, career and I travel, and I don't think my life is any different than most couples. The most valuable commodity now for many people is time and how to parcel that out.;Hugh Jackman;travel
Travel in all the four quarters of the earth, yet you will find nothing anywhere. Whatever there is, is only here.;Ramakrishna;travel
I travel the garden of music, thru inspiration. It's a large, very large garden, seen?;Peter Tosh;travel
Of all possible subjects, travel is the most difficult for an artist, as it is the easiest for a journalist.;W. H. Auden;travel
I see my path, but I don't know where it leads. Not knowing where I'm going is what inspires me to travel it.;Rosalia de Castro;travel
Nothing in the universe can travel at the speed of light, they say, forgetful of the shadow's speed.;Howard Nemerov;travel
Michael Palin decided to give up on his considerable comedy talents to make those dreadfully tedious travel shows. Have you ever tried to watch one?;John Cleese;travel
I'm such a girl for the living room. I really like to stay in my nest and not move. I travel in my mind, and that that's a rigorous state of journeying for me. My body isn't that interested in moving from place to place.;Bell Hooks;travel
As you think, you travel, and as you love, you attract. You are today where your thoughts have brought you you will be tomorrow where your thoughts take you.;James Lane Allen;travel
I love coming home to Melbourne. The first thing I do is have a coffee. It's just so much better here than anywhere else. It's better than in Italy and I travel a lot. I crave it.;Curtis Stone;travel
I get a friend to travel with me... I need somebody to bring me back to who I am. It's hard to be alone.;Leonardo DiCaprio;travel
I want my handbags and my shoes to be stylish but I want to make sure that they're versatile. I travel and I have to make sure the pieces I put into my bag can go with a dress or with shorts or jeans.;Maria Sharapova;travel
When I travel, I love speaking to women around the world about the things that inspire them, the fashions they like, what makes something good and what would make it even better.;Maria Sharapova;travel
In this world, shipmates, sin that pays its way can travel freely, and without passport whereas Virtue, if a pauper, is stopped at all frontiers.;Herman Melville;travel
I love to not work. I like to travel. I work maybe half the year, no more.;Catherine Deneuve;travel
Snowboarding's tough, because you've got to go to the mountains. For me, I love the skateboard season because I get to hangout at home and still be skating. I don't have to travel to Norway or Japan or these crazy places to be snowboarding.;Shaun White;travel
I like to go to work, and also, I don't have any kids. I don't have any hobbies. I don't like to travel. So going to work is kind of it.;Christopher Walken;travel
Own only what you can always carry with you: know languages, know countries, know people. Let your memory be your travel bag.;Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn;travel
Know how to travel from your town to a nearby town without a car, either by bus or by rail.;Marilyn vos Savant;travel
When you travel so many weeks a year, it's always nice to have a home-cooked meal.;Maria Sharapova;travel
I don't feel restless, I just like to travel.;Brad Pitt;travel
I'd rather have huge success and huge failures than travel in the middle of the road.;Kevyn Aucoin;travel
I think kids ought to travel. I think it's very good to carry kids around. It's good for them. Of course it's tough on the parents.;Doris Lessing;travel
It's rather naive, apart from being ethically objectionable, to assume that our investigators travel around the country with bags of money trying to bribe witnesses to lie on the witness stand. We just don't operate that way.;Jim Garrison;travel
We must travel in the direction of our fear.;John Berryman;travel
Restore human legs as a means of travel. Pedestrians rely on food for fuel and need no special parking facilities.;Lewis Mumford;travel
When I haven't been working I've tried to travel a lot.;Emma Watson;travel
We have so much pride in welcoming these passengers onto the plane, and they have so much pride in travel. It's something that I definitely always remember, when I'm playing a scene on the plane, just to imbue everything with that sense of excitement.;Christina Ricci;travel
I've got a real sense of three-dimensional geometry. I can look at a flat piece of fabric and know that if I put a slit in it and make some fabric travel around a square, then when you lift it up it will drape in a certain way, and I can feel how that will happen.;Vivienne Westwood;travel
Your lost friends are not dead, but gone before, advanced a stage or two upon that road which you must travel in the steps they trod.;Aristophanes;travel
If you have enthusiasm, you have a very dynamic, effective companion to travel with you on the road to Somewhere.;Loretta Young;travel
My job is to be a spokesman - the spokesman, I suppose - for the President, for the White House, to do the daily briefings, to manage the press corps in terms of travel, day-to-day needs, access, interviews, all those issues.;Dee Dee Myers;travel
Before the BBC, I joined the Navy in order to travel.;David Attenborough;travel
I like animals. I like natural history. The travel bit is not the important bit. The travel bit is what you have to do in order to go and look at animals.;David Attenborough;travel
The things I was allowed to experience, the people I was able to call friends, teammates, mentors, coaches and opponents, the travel, all of it, are far more than anything I ever thought possible in my lifetime.;Curt Schilling;travel
And it was a great experience, you know, to travel the world and compete at a certain level. It teaches you discipline, focus, and certainly keeps you out of trouble.;Jason Statham;travel
Interesting things come your way but as you get older, your lifestyle changes. I don't want to travel I don't want to be in a hotel room away from my family.;Gary Oldman;travel
There is no budget for travel for a Shadow Foreign Secretary.;William Hague;travel
I am a passionate traveler, and from the time I was a child, travel formed me as much as my formal education.;David Rockefeller;travel
When I travel, I like to take advantage of room service. I'm really into eggs Benedict in the morning.;Jenny McCarthy;travel
Oh, I'm terrible at travel.;Johnny Vegas;travel
The person attempting to travel two roads at once will get nowhere.;Xun Zi;travel
The thing about Hemingway that people forget is that all the stuff he did was at a time where people weren't traveling that much. At 19 he travels to Italy. He goes to the Spanish Civil War. He goes to China, he goes to Africa so at that time to travel that much is really incredible.;Clive Owen;travel
I was born to travel and write verse.;Theophile Gautier;travel
I want to travel. Maybe I'll end up living in Norway, making cakes.;Eva Green;travel
It's important to travel and move and have a continual set of experiences so you've got more to feed back into your work. For me, it's a natural thing.;Cate Blanchett;travel
The helicopter is a fine way to travel, but it induces a view of the world that only God and CEOs share on a regular basis.;Morley Safer;travel
The most important thing we can do is inspire young minds and to advance the kind of science, math and technology education that will help youngsters take us to the next phase of space travel.;John Glenn;travel
Besides, I'm a gypsy at heart and I like to travel around.;Reba McEntire;travel
My goals have changed throughout my life. At one time it was winning awards, selling out concert dates, selling more albums than anyone else. Now, my goals are to see my grandchildren grown, live a long and healthy life with my family and friends and travel the world.;Reba McEntire;travel
I think it's important that kids have responsibilities and understand the value of things, but I think it's great I get to travel the world with my daughter.;Salma Hayek;travel
You can't expect the entire world to come to New York to see you. You have to travel to them.;Theodore Bikel;travel
I get cold - really cold - when I travel.;Laura Linney;travel
I'd love to travel to the Holy Land.;Loretta Lynn;travel
I grew up in South Africa and I would look at maps and we were at the bottom of the world. There was this whole thing up there. I was always reading encyclopedias about the world. So travel was something I was always attracted to.;Charlize Theron;travel
If you travel to Germany, it's still absolutely Germany. If you travel to Sweden, it still has a Swedish identity.;Steven Patrick Morrissey;travel
Since I travel so much, it's always great to be home. There's nothing like getting to raid my own refrigerator at two in the morning.;Amy Grant;travel
No one's going to be able to operate without a grounding in the basic sciences. Language would be helpful, although English is becoming increasingly international. And travel. You have to have a global attitude.;Rupert Murdoch;travel
In between films I like to travel and hope to visit every continent before I become a mother.;Diane Kruger;travel
Extensive traveling induces a feeling of encapsulation, and travel, so broadening at first, contracts the mind.;Paul Theroux;travel
People have to make journeys, what we want is people to have alternatives in public transport so that they can make a choice about the sort of way in which they're going to travel.;Theresa May;travel
I stepped away to find out more about myself, which I was having difficulty doing as a football player. I got a chance to travel the world. I studied Eastern philosophy, and I've grown as a person so much.;Ricky Williams;travel
I mean, I'd love to have a private jet - I know people who fly by private jet all the time... I've hitched a ride a few times and it is not overrated at all it's a great way to travel!;Marc Jacobs;travel
To get away from one's working environment is, in a sense, to get away from one's self and this is often the chief advantage of travel and change.;Charles Horton Cooley;travel
This evening I wish to suggest that we Christians should accompany people on their pilgrimages. Specifically we should travel with people as they search for the good, the true and the beautiful.;Timothy Radcliffe;travel
Some people are drawn naturally - there are natural guitarists, and there are natural piano players, and I think guitar implies travel, a sort of footloose gypsy existence. You grab your bag and you go to the next town.;Hugh Laurie;travel
I've had a very interesting career. I get to do amazing things and work with amazing people and travel and learn languages - things most people don't get the opportunity to do.;Gwyneth Paltrow;travel
Air travel is the safest form of travel aside from walking even then, the chances of being hit by a public bus at 30,000 feet are remarkably slim. I also have no problem with confined spaces. Or heights. What I am afraid of is speed.;Sloane Crosley;travel
In recent years, I've been writing because I'm fortunate enough to work in the world of food television, to travel and taste and learn about cooking from the best chefs in the business.;Ted Allen;travel
In Heaven, I believe my dad is somewhere doing something nice. I feel I've been too lucky to travel this far without somebody guiding me.;Katherine Jenkins;travel
I always want to give my best and do the best I can. I know when I have sung my best and when I haven't. There can be stresses and hassles with time travel and press attention. I just have to adapt and find a way of dealing with it.;Katherine Jenkins;travel
What I like in this job is you can travel to many places, many imaginations.;Marion Cotillard;travel
I've three children, three grandchildren, I work, I travel, and I'm very happily married. I'm very satisfied and happy with my life and there really isn't anything I want.;Joan Collins;travel
More than any other setting - more than battlefields or boardrooms or a spaceship headed for intergalactic travel - I'll put my money on the family to provide an endless source of comedy, tragedy and intrigue.;Joyce Maynard;travel
It's been a huge blessing, being able to travel and have a great life.;Seann William Scott;travel
There are so many things I want to do. Like, I want to get an artist, a musician, a photographer, and a bunch of dancers that I know and just travel across Africa and just film it and just see what happens. Do and learn as much as I possibly can. Luckily, I have a lot more time.;Channing Tatum;travel
To travel is to take a journey into yourself.;Danny Kaye;travel
When I thought I was retired, I wanted to travel around the world and watch soccer games.;Drew Carey;travel
As I travel across the country speaking about MS, perhaps I can offer others comfort and hope.;Annette Funicello;travel
Travel, of course, narrows the mind.;Malcolm Muggeridge;travel
I really enjoy what I do, and who I'm with and where I am. Having said that, I'm not really a person of habit, because what I do in my job is travel around the world and play concerts to people, and occasionally do very weird things.;Robert Smith;travel
You cannot travel within and stand still without.;James Lane Allen;travel
I fly economy. I do often fly first class, but I don't travel with a posse, or bodyguard, or an assistant.;Gene Simmons;travel
I was a little doubtful about the propriety of going to the Mammoth Cave without a gentleman escort, but if two ladies travel alone they must have the courage of men.;Maria Mitchell;travel
It's wonderful to travel with somebody that you love and we never travel anywhere without one another.;Roger Moore;travel
I've always traveled, as a kid my parents moved me around, a different place in Germany every four years. But I got the travel bug when I was a kid, living in different countries.;Dominic Monaghan;travel
I enjoy the preparatory elements of travel - packing my bags and choosing my outfits - but my favourite part is getting there.;Dominic Monaghan;travel
The amount of hassle involved in travel can be overwhelming.;Paul Theroux;travel
Travel works best when you're forced to come to terms with the place you're in.;Paul Theroux;travel
A travel book is about someone who goes somewhere, travels on the ground, sees something and spends quite a lot of time doing it, and has a hard time, and then comes back and writes about it. It's not about inventing.;Paul Theroux;travel
Mark Twain was a great traveler and he wrote three or four great travel books. I wouldn't say that I'm a travel novelist but rather a novelist who travels - and who uses travel as a background for finding stories of places.;Paul Theroux;travel
I never travel without my Stetson, but the more I wear it the more I realise that no one wears hats any more. When I was a kid everybody wore hats, especially in Texas, but I get off the plane in Dallas now and I'm the only guy with a hat. It's amazing.;Larry Hagman;travel
I am traveling less in order to be able to write more. I select my travel destinations according to their degree of usefulness to my work.;Jose Saramago;travel
Just to travel is rather boring, but to travel with a purpose is educational and exciting.;Sargent Shriver;travel
Occasionally I find a travel book that is both illuminating and entertaining, where vivid writing and research replace self-indulgence and sloppy prose.;Arthur Smith;travel
Don Quixote's 'Delusions' is an excellent read - far better than my own forthcoming travel book, 'Walking Backwards Across Tuscany.';Arthur Smith;travel
Travel books are, by and large, boring. They lodge uncomfortably between fact, fiction and autobiography.;Arthur Smith;travel
Could I say that the reason that I am here today, you know, from the mouth of the State Department itself, is: I should not be allowed to travel because I have struggled for years for the independence of the colonial peoples of Africa.;Paul Robeson;travel
I'm obsessed with Nicholas Sparks. I've literally read every single book, because every time I travel, at the airport, I always buy a new Nicholas Sparks book.;Emma Roberts;travel
You do not travel if you are afraid of the unknown, you travel for the unknown, that reveals you with yourself.;Ella Maillart;travel
My kids started school, so having a strong base in Melbourne has been a key priority. I'm not daunted by the travel. People say, 'It's so far to Australia,' and I say, 'You get on the plane, you eat well, you sleep, you wake up - and you're there.';Geoffrey Rush;travel
I was young. I was newly married. And I had worked like a dog. I just wanted to live and travel.;Sarah Michelle Gellar;travel
Some minds improve by travel, others, rather, resemble copper wire, or brass, which get the narrower by going farther.;Thomas Hood;travel
The idea of making access to safe abortions harder and more expensive and more difficult, having to travel across state lines - that puts women's health and lives in jeopardy, which is something I think no one wants.;Cynthia Nixon;travel
I would travel only by horse, if I had the choice.;Linda McCartney;travel
Each day as I travel through downtown Tucson, I am amazed at how quickly the most ancient of human behaviors have changed. For as long as there have been Homo sapiens - roughly 200,000 years - people have filled their lives principally with two activities: talking directly with other people, and doing physical things.;Andrew Weil;travel
Sometimes you want to go for a walk and you don't want to be watched. You just want to be anonymous and blend in. Especially when I travel, I feel that way, because I can't really go out and see a city the way other people can and I miss out on a lot.;Madonna Ciccone;travel
Whenever I think of the high salaries we are paid as film actors, I think it is for the travel, the time away, and any trouble you get into through being well known. It's not for the acting, that's for sure.;Bill Murray;travel
You never know when some small thing will lead to a big idea. Travel is very inspirational - but it's in the ordinary that I find my themes of love and work and family.;Adriana Trigiani;travel
I love to take risks, I love to travel, and I'm very outdoor-sy, so any girl who can pick up a football and throw a spiral will definitely catch my attention.;Kellan Lutz;travel
As far as 'Twilight' goes, I'm in love with my character. I'm in love with the whole series. I love doing the fan conventions around the world, I love to travel. So wherever it fits in, I'd love to continue doing that for the rest of my life. Just meeting the fans who made everything possible from around the world.;Kellan Lutz;travel
For 'Around the World in 80 Plates' we got to travel all over, having what was like a cross between a culinary competition and races. And in each country we had a chef Ambassador. We went to London, Barcelona, Bologna, Hong Kong, Thailand, Morocco... It was amazing.;Curtis Stone;travel
These days I travel so much it's hard to get into a routine. When I'm on the road, I tend to use hotel gyms. When I'm home in L.A., I like to hike and hit the surf. All in all, I try to keep a balanced diet and exercise routine, which has stood me in good stead to date.;Curtis Stone;travel
The kind of pace that you want to use in a Western - just to acknowledge the land in the distance that everyone has to travel, and the way things develop sort of slowly - it's almost the antithetical of what's currently going on in the movies, you know.;Lawrence Kasdan;travel
We take so many of our freedoms for granted nowadays - I can travel where I like, I can have a baby when I like, I can do any job I want - but I do think chivalry has been lost a little bit.;Dan Stevens;travel
The president felt that it was important to send an ordinary citizen to experience the excitement of space travel as a representative for all Americans.;Christa McAuliffe;travel
I think they need to get a more reliable way of watching television on the laptop. Because I travel so much, if I want to watch my favorite sports team it might not be showing in that place, so I want a reliable way to watch whatever I want to watch on my laptop.;John Legend;travel
Our career is a dream. I mean, we get to act, travel around the world, and meet cool people. What's not to love!;Mary-Kate Olsen;travel
Songs really are like a form of time travel because they really have moved forward in a bubble. Everyone who's connected with it, the studio's gone, the musicians are gone, and the only thing that's left is this recording which was only about a three-minute period maybe 70 years ago.;Tom Waits;travel
I'm living my dream right now. I get to make music, perform and travel.;Ville Valo;travel
I can create countries just as I can create the actions of my characters. That is why a lot of travel seems to me a waste of time.;Jerzy Kosinski;travel
For years, I had no time for exploratory travel.;Renee Fleming;travel
Having to travel so much plays havoc with your personal life.;Renee Fleming;travel
I associate going to an airport with work because I travel so much with my job. So when I have a few days free from work, I tend to stay at home.;Evelyn Glennie;travel
I am disabled, so I can't travel, and I have not been to any development meetings, but Gary and the others affiliated with the film keep me updated on everything.;Laura Hillenbrand;travel
Two great talkers will not travel far together.;George Borrow;travel
When I travel abroad, because I'm Columbian, I'm always one that they check twice and security and I'm the one that they open my bag and the one they pull to the side to check the visa.;Sofia Vergara;travel
If you travel to the States... they have a lot of different words than like what we use. For instance: they say 'elevator', we say 'lift' they say 'drapes', we say 'curtains' they say 'president', we say 'seriously deranged git.';Alexei Sayle;travel
What has happened to the good old-fashioned travel agent? I want to go to a really posh travel agent and have them organise everything for me. I don't want to do things on the Internet.;Jenny Eclair;travel
I just see too many people retire and say, 'I'm going to take off, travel, spend time with my family' and they are just miserable. They end up dying. People who work and stay active, and like what they are doing, live longer.;Terry Bradshaw;travel
As a person, I was born to give out my opinions. By giving out my opinions, I realize who I am. As long as I can communicate, I'm not so lonely. If I cannot travel, or do art, or have company, if they take away all my belongings, it doesn't matter at all.;Ai Weiwei;travel
I hate to travel with stuff.;Manolo Blahnik;travel
During the past few decades, modern technology, with radio, TV, air travel, and satellites, has woven a network of communication which puts each part of the world in to almost instant contact with all the other parts.;David Bohm;travel
The Queen Mary was the most civilized and luxurious way one could travel to America in the late 1930s.;Maureen O'Hara;travel
A lot of the players are not involved with any NHL team, so to play and travel around with the Oldtimers' it's a kind of gift that the players really appreciate.;Guy Lafleur;travel
When I was deputy chairman I could travel from Glasgow to Edinburgh without leaving Tory land. In a two-week period I covered every constituency in which we had an MP. There were 14. Now we have only one. We appear to have given up.;Jeffrey Archer;travel
That's the way both they and I travel sometimes. Pick road at random, and when it's time to pull over, you pull over and hope you can find a place to crash.;Jello Biafra;travel
Each and every one of the security measures we implement serves an important goal: providing safe and efficient air travel for the millions of people who rely on our aviation system every day.;Janet Napolitano;travel
By the time I'm 40, interplanetary travel will be common. Nobody will want to talk to me at that age, anyway.;Ace Frehley;travel
After I finished high school I went to Hong Kong and Thailand and spent some time there. Just to get that whole experience of being out of the bubble that I was in from high school in Vancouver, to be able to travel around and be on your own was an amazing experience.;Shay Mitchell;travel
What should I have known or written had I been a quiet, mercantile politician or a lord in waiting? A man must travel, and turmoil, or there is no existence.;George Byron;travel
I travel around and hear from so many kids. Their parents say they were always very picky but they watch the show and they want to try stuff. The show is entertainment, but I think it has done so much for the public perception of what food can be.;Tom Colicchio;travel
People aren't just paying more to fill their gas tanks or when they pay for their heating bills for their home they are paying more at the grocery store, on air travel and for many other daily expenses.;Dan Lipinski;travel
Local economies are suffering as people spend more on fuel and less on consumer goods and travel.;Dan Lipinski;travel
I'm sure we'll be Tweetin' up the Twitosphere as we travel around the world playing music.;Brandon Boyd;travel
Not only does travel give us a new system of reckoning, it also brings to the fore unknown aspects of our own self. Our consciousness being broadened and enriched, we shall judge ourselves more correctly.;Ella Maillart;travel
Shall we ever see the 10 million things of the universe simultaneously in order to be the all? I am convinced that to live is to travel towards the world's end.;Ella Maillart;travel
Travel can also be the spirit of adventure somewhat tamed, for those who desire to do something they are a bit afraid of.;Ella Maillart;travel
I want to take piano lessons, I want to study at university, I want to travel, I want to do other parts, make another movie.;Zach Braff;travel
The best way to travel abroad is to live with the locals.;Zach Braff;travel
Because I travel so much, I bring my workout clothes and shoes wherever I go. That way I can always do some exercise.;Gail Simmons;travel
For many years, it seemed as if nothing changed in Norway. You could leave the country for three months, travel the world, through coups d'etat, assassinations, famines, massacres and tsunamis, and come home to find that the only new thing in the newspapers was the crossword puzzle.;Jo Nesbo;travel
The world reveals itself to those who travel on foot.;Werner Herzog;travel
I travel without barely any luggage. Just a second set of underwear and binoculars and a map and a toothbrush.;Werner Herzog;travel
American movies are often very good at mining those great underlying myths that make films robustly travel across class, age, gender, culture.;Tom Hooper;travel
This June, I'll travel once again to the Food and Wine Magazine Classic in Aspen, Colorado. For many years, my dear friend Julia Child and I have teamed up to teach classes together at the event for the past seven years, my daughter, Claudine, has been my cooking partner on stage.;Jacques Pepin;travel
I wrote those poems for myself, as a way of being a soldier here in this country. I didn't know the poems would travel. I didn't go to Lebanon until two years ago, but people told me that many Arabs had memorized these poems and translated them into Arabic.;June Jordan;travel
Ours is the century of enforced travel of disappearances. The century of people helplessly seeing others, who were close to them, disappear over the horizon.;John Berger;travel
A careful inspection showed them that, even if they succeeded in righting it by themselves, the cart would travel no longer. The axles were in a hopeless state, and the missing wheel was shattered into pieces.;Kenneth Grahame;travel
But you can travel on for ten thousand miles, and still stay where you are.;Harry Chapin;travel
I remember telling my creative writing teacher that you never want to have a journal, because if you lose it, then someone's going to know all your secrets. And then she stopped using a journal, but I always write everything down... Anytime I travel, I try and fill up notepads.;Garrett Hedlund;travel
And what is liberty, whose very name makes the heart beat faster and shakes the world? Is it not the union of all liberties - liberty of conscience, of education, of association, of the press, of travel, or labor, or trade?;Frederic Bastiat;travel
I don't take any photographs. I travel a lot by myself, and I feel weird taking photos on my own.;Jamie Bell;travel
As an actor, I travel around a lot and live in a lot of hotels, and many times I've been in a town where the only entertainment to be had is what you find in the hotel bar or lobby.;Beau Bridges;travel
My ideal travel companions are my family.;Pharrell Williams;travel
I never subscribe to the stay-at-home policy. I'm not sick of the road or sick of eating in good restaurants around the country. I like to travel.;Levon Helm;travel
We're all dealt with the same hand here, so to speak. I feel like I've had it a lot better than most people. I've had the opportunity to travel and play music all my life.;Levon Helm;travel
There is a part of me that still wants to go out and grab a backpack and unplug - not take a cellphone or even a camera and just get out there and experience the world and travel. I have yet to do that, but someday I hope.;Emilio Estevez;travel
I got the chance to do things that I dreamed of when I was a kid: I got to travel around the world I had my own 'Goosebumps' attraction at Disney World I've been on TV and had three TV series.;R. L. Stine;travel
I didn't realize what an impact having a No. 1 single would have. It connects me with people of different ages, and I get to travel all over the world.;Lisa Loeb;travel
Through travel I first became aware of the outside world it was through travel that I found my own introspective way into becoming a part of it.;Eudora Welty;travel
After a lifetime of world travel I've been fascinated that those in the third world don't have the same perception of reality that we do.;Jim Harrison;travel
I like to travel by myself.;Carly Rae Jepsen;travel
I have gotten to travel the world and experience all these incredible things thanks to my career.;Karlie Kloss;travel
I travel all the time.;Guy Kawasaki;travel
There are those who travel and those who are going somewhere. They are different and yet they are the same. The success has this over his rivals: He knows where he is going.;Mark Caine;travel
My public image is so low-key, but I get to travel the world and still have an audience and it's really amazing. I don't take that for granted.;K. D. Lang;travel
Travel gives me the opportunity to walk through the sectors of cities where one can clearly see the passage of time.;Jerzy Kosinski;travel
I have several dogs and several cats who aren't really mine. In fact, they think that I am theirs. I'd like to have some goats and chickens, but I travel around too much.;Eric Stoltz;travel
You travel with the hope that something unexpected will happen. It has to do with enjoying being lost and figuring it out and the satisfaction. I always get a little disappointed when I know too well where I'm going, or when I've lived in a place so long that there's no chance I could possibly get lost.;Andrew Bird;travel
I am very excited to accept the role of Honorary Patron with Hope Air because of the national scope of the organization and the very real impact they have on Canadians who need to travel to healthcare.;Rick Mercer;travel
But today we become aware of other readings of the human experience very quickly because of the media and the speed with which people travel the planet.;Chaim Potok;travel
People say, what is she thinking? I'm thinking: fun cash travel.;Gail Porter;travel
The last couple relationships I had were long distance. It's not like I can make much of an effort to travel and see anybody. The guy had to do all the work, unfortunately.;Holly Madison;travel
Southern political personalities, like sweet corn, travel badly. They lose flavor with every hundred yards away from the patch. By the time they reach New York, they are like Golden Bantam that has been trucked up from Texas - stale and unprofitable. The consumer forgets that the corn tastes different where it grows.;A. J. Liebling;travel
I don't have the luxury of having a dog myself because I travel too much, but I love walking and cuddling somebody else's dog.;Ingrid Newkirk;travel
I would love to travel around the world working for a travel company taking students abroad on cultural immersion trips.;Karen Russell;travel
I come from a small town and I come from a background where we didn't have money to travel. I thought I'd have to join the military to get to Europe. So I'm thrilled to travel.;Chris Isaak;travel
I was always very determined and ambitious, and I knew I would do something that would let me travel and stuff, but I didn't know really know what I would do to get there.;Rachel Stevens;travel
When we see the shadow on our images, are we seeing the time 11 minutes ago on Mars? Or are we seeing the time on Mars as observed from Earth now? It's like time travel problems in science fiction. When is now when was then?;Bill Nye;travel
Before we had the kids, my husband and I were traveling a lot and working and really enjoying our lives and each other. We both love the theater and books and travel and so we were really having a lot of fun.;Patricia Heaton;travel
Once you're in the game and it's a part of your life, you never want to leave it. But you have to be committed to be able to travel and do the things you need to do to be successful in whatever role you're doing.;Joe Sakic;travel
I travel all over the country making speeches for people I believe in.;Ann Richards;travel
The need for this clinic is clear to me, to the veterans who are currently forced to travel hours to receive care, and even to the Veterans Administration that itself identified creation of a clinic in this part of our state as a priority to be completed by 2006.;Doc Hastings;travel
I wanted to have the opportunity to travel to Vietnam and Sydney, and have the chance to work there.;Brendan Fraser;travel
The fact that people will pay you to talk to people and travel to interesting places and write about what intrigues you, I am just amazed by that.;Nicholas D. Kristof;travel
I think that somebody with the resources and innovation and the idea is going to come out of nowhere and come up with a successful space travel program.;Kevin J. Anderson;travel
We travel to learn and I have never been in any country where they did not do something better than we do it, think some thoughts better than we think, catch some inspiration from heights above our own.;Maria Mitchell;travel
Until 1914 I loved to travel I often went to Italy and once spent a few months in India. Since then I have almost entirely abandoned travelling, and I have not been outside of Switzerland for over ten years.;Herman Hesse;travel
My writing is a combination of three elements. The first is travel: not travel like a tourist, but travel as exploration. The second is reading literature on the subject. The third is reflection.;Ryszard Kapuscinski;travel
We are going to sign a treaty with Mexico. We are competing internationally. We need another international airport for international cargo, international travel, international businesses.;Richard M. Daley;travel
You have to travel globally today to know what's going on and maintain an edge.;Yuri Milner;travel
You know among people who kind of travel a lot and have exposure to the United States and some other countries, they do have accounts, but you know, Russia is not exactly the place with multiple language skills so local networks kind of have an edge.;Yuri Milner;travel
When I had money in the past, I would always travel rather than spend it on big apartments or cars. And I still feel exactly the same way.;Robin Wright Penn;travel
I could have probably raised them in L.A. and they would have been great and had so many things at their fingertips and been exposed to so many things. But we travel a lot, so I don't think that moving out of town is sheltering the girls at all. Maybe protecting them a little bit more, trying to prolong their youth.;Jennie Garth;travel
I think family is very important in West Virginia and has long been so because the mountains made travel difficult in the past, and family members had to depend on each other.;David Selby;travel
Aviation - and space travel, in particular - have always been especially captivating.;Felix Baumgartner;travel
Our budget works to reduce and eliminate the risk of attacks at our ports, rails, in the skies, our food supply and roads by allowing for increases in many of the programs and agencies to help protect these important areas of commerce and travel.;Jim Ryun;travel
It's very expensive to be a professional tennis player with all the travel and the flights and the hotels and everything.;Caroline Wozniacki;travel
I can't travel without Sudoku.;Robert Ballard;travel
And, obviously as a, as one who likes to travel around myself a lot, I think the Earth is a beautiful place. And, I'm looking forward to some new perspectives.;Duane G. Carey;travel
I'm still at the end of my rope because I find myself not handling things well when I travel.;Stephen Lewis;travel
I desperately want a dog, but I've been told I travel too much, and I'm not allowed to have a dog.;Victoria Pratt;travel
And now I have a big house, nice clothes and I travel in first class and I love it, so maybe it's time to enjoy being a star.;Vincent Cassel;travel
When I travel, I draw and paint sketches which is great fun. And as long as you are fully aware that it has nothing to do with actual art, I think that's all right.;Arne Jacobsen;travel
I just travel all the time. And I was just looking at the schedules now and starting the first week of October I will be every weekend with somebody at tournaments through Christmas. So it gets very difficult to just go away and not do that.;Ivan Lendl;travel
I sometimes skip meals when I travel.;Amy Smart;travel
When I travel I normally eat club sandwiches or I bring my own food. When you go into a new town, it's very had to find a good place to eat.;Paul Prudhomme;travel
Some go on to trade schools or get further training for jobs they are interested in. Some go into the arts, some are craftsmen, some take a little time out to travel, and some start their own businesses. But our graduates find and work at what they want to do.;Daniel Greenberg;travel
Travel aesthetics should be just as comfortable and practical as they are fashionable.;Miguel Jontel Pimentel;travel
I photographed rocks and trees and tide pools and nudes and all that stuff for years and years. Until 20 years ago when I found that I could do it in the studio and never have to travel.;Kim Weston;travel
I didn't want to travel. I didn't want to leave my family. I heard all these stories from Dad about not having Edward around when he was young, and I didn't want that to happen.;Kim Weston;travel
You need to be an adrenalin junkie when you travel with kids.;Graeme Le Saux;travel
I travel all the time, and I have two small children.;Hope Davis;travel
The idea is to have global standards. There is so much travel that if you just had a regional standard, it would probably ultimately have to be changed.;Gijs de Vries;travel
I hope that I'll be hot for a long time so I can make a lot of money, I can retire early, and just travel. Hopefully that will happen.;Kristin Cavallari;travel
People will travel anywhere for good food - it's crazy.;Rene Redzepi;travel
The President's political travel is going to get blamed (and probably rightly) for a share of this downturn.;Robert Teeter;travel
Greater personal choice, individually tailored services, stronger local accountability, greater efficiency - these are all central to the new direction of travel we have set for our public services.;John Hutton;travel
I always thought it would be really cool to be playing the drums in the show and then have your astral body or whatever travel all through the audience and dig whatever it's like out there.;Bill Kreutzmann;travel
As I travel around Idaho and visit with seniors, I hear almost universal concern about the rising cost of health care, particularly the cost of prescription drugs.;Michael K. Simpson;travel
I like to travel and connect.;Richard Powers;travel
I grew up under Communism so we could only learn Russian, and then when Communism fell in 1989 we could learn a few more things and have the freedom to travel and the freedom of speech - and the freedom of dreaming, really.;Petra Nemcova;travel
If I don't need the money, I don't work. I'm going to spend time with my family and friends, and I'm going to travel and read and listen to music and try to learn a little bit more about how to be a human being, as opposed to learning how to be somebody else.;James Spader;travel
If somebody asked me about my inspiration I would say that it's not the peopleand it's not the things, it's travel and experiencing different environments.;Marc Newson;travel
No matter how you travel, it's still you going.;Jeff Goldblum;travel
I travel for work, but recently, friends said I should take major trips.;Jeff Goldblum;travel
I've brought my daughters all over the world-they travel with me. I drag them out of school just to keep the relationship. When I'm home I'm a big-time daddy.;Armand Assante;travel
I've always been a big fan of time travel, and I'm very into the notion that some day we'll be able to do it. Beam me up!;Scott Bakula;travel
I want to go to college to study journalism. I want to speak French fluently, to travel. My mom was a journalist and it's in my blood.;Mandy Moore;travel
I did rebel. I was the rebel in my family, because my dad wanted me to go and just travel with him.;Dhani Harrison;travel
I see a trend here where the President seems to think his job is to count votes and then try to make a deal That's what we in legislatures do. Mr. Obama's job is to travel the country, fight for the values that he cares about.;Anthony Weiner;travel
Then I was lucky I met with my future husband, and I started new life with my husband, and I was happy again. He was a musician. I start to travel with him through Europe also and around the former Soviet Union.;Olga Korbut;travel
But my sense in talking to people when I travel is that the film business is not that dissimilar from a lot of other businesses.;Steven Soderbergh;travel
We're constantly buying airplane tickets we travel on the Concorde.;Eva Herzigova;travel
You had to make a camera look like it's traveling at 300 mph, but you couldn't make it actually travel at 300 mph so you had to slow everything down and build devices to do that. So you were constantly engineering.;John Dykstra;travel
I myself believe that there will one day be time travel because when we find that something isn't forbidden by the over-arching laws of physics we usually eventually find a technological way of doing it.;David Deutsch;travel
I like people who are enthused about things they do, like travel, sports, work. I like being with people who have things they're excited about.;Parker Stevenson;travel
Every day is intense and alive, whether it's travel, work, even down time, which there is so little of.;Josh Lucas;travel
The first year or so on The Daily Show is pretty intense in terms of travel. You're going to the worst places in the country, talking to the craziest people in the world.;Rob Corddry;travel
I travel a lot to promote the perfumes and to do the commercials.;Gabriela Sabatini;travel
Taking time to sit back and watch and think about what you've seen is important. Traveling did a great deal to me. I found that when I travel and just sit in the corner and watch, a million ideas come to me.;Lionel Richie;travel
I travel around the world, experiencing every language, every religion... some places where there's just no reason to smile, because their lives are so difficult.;Lionel Richie;travel
I had a big troupe, a big army and it was a lot of fun. And, after 10 years of that, I just decided that I wanted to travel and do special dates. I go to Las Vegas these days.;Bobby Vinton;travel
Everywhere I travel throughout Eastern Washington, I hear from people demanding we do a better job of controlling our borders and reducing illegal immigration.;Cathy McMorris;travel
Right now I'm so old that if I had a big gush of money, I don't know what I'd do with it. I don't travel anymore. I don't need anything, don't want anything. I'd give it to my son, I guess, and let him enjoy it.;Jack Vance;travel
Originally the dream was about traveling and developing a job that would permit me to travel. And I decided to go into street performing because it was a traveling job it would let me go around the world.;Guy Laliberte;travel
Sure, I could give advice I could, say, travel the world, listen to music. But all I can really say is do something you want to do and do it well. And if you want to be a choreographer, then you have to make dances.;Mark Morris;travel
I wake up every morning and I feel like I'm juggling glass balls. I live in Los Angeles, my business is run out of London, and most evenings I'm cuddled up in front of Skype, in my dressing gown, speaking with my studio in London. I travel a lot, my team travel a lot, but I wouldn't have it any other way.;Victoria Beckham;travel
I have a character failing. I am quite incapable of identifying with anything whole-heartedly. Whatever I am doing, I am always planning to do something else. I would rather travel than arrive.;Stephen Bayley;travel
Travel teaches as much as books.;Youssou N'Dour;travel
The simple fact is this: they are foreigners inside a country which has rejected them. Therefore, these foreigners wherever they go or travel they will be rained down with bullets from everyone. Attacks by members of the resistance will only go up.;Mohammed Saeed al-Sahaf;travel
However, we still have the problem of free travel and movement, since the Travel Documents issued by UNMIK as the substitute to passports, are not fully recognized yet by all countries.;Ibrahim Rugova;travel
I usually just have one cat. It is difficult, but I have my one cat that he'll travel with me if it's appropriate, if I'm not going overseas.;Gina Gershon;travel
I considered becoming a priest very seriously. I wanted to travel the world. By the time I turned 16, I realized I was only in it for selfish reasons. And, more importantly, I didn't want to sacrifice the ladies!;James McAvoy;travel
As many of you know I travel a good bit and do not get to see my friends and family as much as I would like.;Natalie Gulbis;travel
Movie acting is a great job for your twenties: You travel all over, you have affairs with people, and you throw yourself into one part and then another. It gets more challenging as you get older, and it's not just having a daughter, it's wanting to have your own life and be yourself.;Helen Hunt;travel
It would be nice to travel if you knew where you were going and where you would live at the end or do we ever know, do we ever live where we live, we're always in other places, lost, like sheep.;Janet Frame;travel
I'm passionate and I travel the world not just as a tourist but to understand cultures... I've lived with Masai tribe... I travel the world and bring it back in the form of a research book that would become the starting point for the collection.;John Galliano;travel
I do not have any pets. We travel too much.;Nancy Kerrigan;travel
I travel to Jakarta, I see what an important country it is. I've been working with them for a year.;Anatoli Boukreev;travel
At the moment I'm doing this space movie, so I'm obsessed with physics and space travel. I know three months down the line it's gone. Then I'll be able to superficially say stuff about space.;Cillian Murphy;travel
I'm a travel enthusiast.;Iggy Pop;travel
Let us not forget that the European Community started as a project for peace after the terrible Second World War. And today people take for granted the freedom to travel, to study, to work abroad. And the citizens of one country have almost exactly the same rights as another country.;Jose Manuel Barroso;travel
I love to travel, but sometimes it's nice to stay in one place.;Gustavo Dudamel;travel
I have to travel a lot for work.;James Purefoy;travel
Amtrak offers riders a cost-effective way to travel throughout the country.;Tim Bishop;travel
We've got fuel prices coming down and good travel numbers coming out, so it's not surprising airline stocks are going up.;Andrew Sullivan;travel
Almost 70 percent of U.S. ag exports travel the upper Mississippi River and the Illinois waterway system.;Jerry Costello;travel
Screenplays I didn't really care about, journalism, travel books, getting my writer friends to write about their dreams or something. I just determined to write the books I had to write.;Kazuo Ishiguro;travel
I have found adventure in flying, in world travel, in business, and even close at hand... Adventure is a state of mind - and spirit.;Jacqueline Cochran;travel
It's cool to meet your idols. It's a good opportunity to travel. Those kinds of things are good.;Meg White;travel
I've been lucky to travel through quite a bit of Europe and Australia, but I would love to do Asia and South America and South Africa.;Dianna Agron;travel
The more you travel, the better you get at it. It sounds silly, but with experience you learn how to pack the right way. I remember one of my first trips abroad, travelling around Europe by rail, fresh out of high school. I brought all these books with me and a paint set. I really had too much stuff, so I've learnt to be more economical.;Roman Coppola;travel
Japan is the most intoxicating place for me. In Kyoto, there's an inn called the Tawaraya which is quite extraordinary. The Japanese culture fascinates me: the food, the dress, the manners and the traditions. It's the travel experience that has moved me the most.;Roman Coppola;travel
I travel a lot. If you look at my suitcase, everything is extremely well-packed and well-folded people who travel with me are impressed at how organized I am. Some would refer to me as a maniac for this.;Joel Robuchon;travel
There are days when I intentionally don't write. For instance, I never write when I'm traveling, because travel is a situation where I can learn more by looking and listening than by working.;Thomas Perry;travel
But I want people to understand that poker's not all glamorous, it's not all being on TV and making tons of money. It's a hard life. It's a lot of travel. It's a lot of weird hours.;Chris Moneymaker;travel
Even when my parents were together, they both had to travel and work, and it wasn't like they had nine-to-five jobs. In that way, it wasn't a normal family life.;Georgia Jagger;travel
A major league pitching coach is a really difficult job. It takes a big commitment in terms of time, travel and workload.;David Cone;travel
When you're an artist, there's always a moment in your life when you think you're not inspired and instead of doing things and instead of travel and instead of falling in love, you're just depressed, so you don't move, so you don't change. So you're not inspired.;Melanie Laurent;travel
I love to travel. I'm a curious person.;Hilary Swank;travel
The desire to become a journalist came really because I very much like living abroad, and like to travel, and wanted to be paid for it.;John Pomfret;travel
I mean, the first 'Back to the Future' is kind of a perfect script, I think, in terms of handling time travel the best. It depends on your definition. To me, that means it effectively uses it in the story.;Rian Johnson;travel
Unlike some of the time-travel movies I love, like 'Primer' or '12 Monkeys,' 'Looper' is not about time travel. It's about this situation that time travel creates and the people dealing with that situation. So narratively, the big challenge was to have time travel get out of the way.;Rian Johnson;travel
That's my dream job, to be able to mail songs out to people who want to hear them. Paste my face on them and not travel all over the world trying to sell them.;Kristin Hersh;travel
The subject matter of the stories on the surface... there seem to be a number of stories about travel.;Kenneth Koch;travel
The growth of Stewart Airport creates new jobs for area residents, brings new business and new travelers to the region, and brings new convenient travel options to those of us living in the Hudson Valley.;Sue Kelly;travel
I like to travel. I love touring, I love playing.;Lita Ford;travel
Tennis is all about mental toughness, and you have to keep your head in the game. I make time to relax away from competition pressures, travel and intense training schedules to make sure I'm looking after myself. Taking time out with family and friends helps to maintain the work-life balance everyone needs.;Samantha Stosur;travel
I travel. I do a lot of traveling around the world.;Chris Tucker;travel
Sure we're in limos. We're stars. How else is a star supposed to travel?;Deion Sanders;travel
There is no scientific reason to think that we, even with space travel, are going to survive as a species for ever, certainly not by biting off the hand that feeds us, which is exactly what we are doing.;Lynn Margulis;travel
We all know we have a problem, a broad problem. Ninety-eight percent of the fuel that is used by our vehicles, our autos and trucks for personal and commercial purposes, for highway and air travel operates on oil. The world has the same problem.;John Olver;travel
I've worked with a band, and it's nice to have someone to travel around with, but I didn't like it as well on stage.;Randy Newman;travel
You know it's only 50 miles from Grand River to Canton, but it took me 67 years to travel that distance.;Don Shula;travel
Yeah. I've been pretty fortunate to travel I guess, all around the place.;Ben E. King;travel
I'm interested to go other places, I've been the boy in the bubble since we've been shooting, I need to go travel a little bit, see where the action is, other than going to see family, of course.;George Eads;travel
I remember the first time I felt that I was sharing the stage with someone spectacular was dancing with Beyonce. It was the dancers, the band, Beyonce and me in front of thousands of people. That was sick. It was pretty amazing that I got to travel the world with someone like her.;Harry Shum, Jr.;travel
I'm a big fan of doing 'Triple D.' But I don't want to do it forever, don't get me wrong! Travel away from my family, are you crazy? But do you know what it does for these mom-and-pop restaurant joints? It changes their lives forever. I mean, their businesses will never be the same.;Guy Fieri;travel
This is my first opportunity to visit this part of North Africa, so I am going to be able to go back home and talk about this beautiful country and encourage Americans to travel here.;Donald Evans;travel
An unexpected benefit of my career in biochemistry has been travel.;Paul D. Boyer;travel
Golf is growing, and there are more good young players, but you don't see them going abroad. It's so expensive to travel.;Retief Goosen;travel
You have all these people in the city and everything has become centralized. If you live outside the city and you need a birth certificate or some official paper from the government, you have to travel to the city.;Edwidge Danticat;travel
My goal when I started out was to get to the point where I could tour a lot and make a living, which means getting paid enough to hire my own band, travel and end up with a bit of money, but I'm still nowhere near that point. Because I didn't have a band and fan base when I started, I did everything backward.;Teddy Thompson;travel
I think travel is probably the downside of playing professional golf, but you've got to do it.;Karrie Webb;travel
Then, after the war it was impossible to travel, after so many years of Hitler and Stalin.;Gyorgy Ligeti;travel
My goal is to ensure the Northern Border is safe, secure and allows for the free flow of travel and commerce.;Rick Larsen;travel
I got the travel bug when I was quite young. My parents took me and my sisters out of school and we travelled all over Europe. It was an eye-opening experience and, although I love Norway, I also enjoy visiting new countries. I don't get homesick.;Magnus Carlsen;travel
Writing allows me the time to travel and see the world, which is what I always wanted to do. I'd really like to have been Sir Richard Francis Burton, but it's the wrong century.;Alan Dean Foster;travel
The first trip I remember taking was on the train from Virginia up to New York City, watching the summertime countryside rolling past the window. They used white linen tablecloths in the dining car in those days, and real silver. I love trains to this day. Maybe that was the beginning of my fixation with leisurely modes of travel.;Billy Campbell;travel
I love the simplicity, the ingredients, the culture, the history and the seasonality of Italian cuisine. In Italy people do not travel. They cook the way grandma did, using fresh ingredients and what is available in season.;Anne Burrell;travel
I wanted to travel with my dad to be close to him again. Having babies and raising my own family took so much of my time, I didn't have a chance to be with him very often.;Nancy Sinatra;travel
Young people know how important it is for dads to be involved in their lives. As I travel the country and talk with students, some of them tell me that their lives would be totally different if their father was around.;Arne Duncan;travel
Some guys travel with expensive Louis Vuitton luggage but it gets all scratched up under the plane. I'd rather not spend too much money on something that's just going to get messed up.;James Harden;travel
So it allows me to travel, I'll be doing that and running these great rivers and doing what I've done in the past without much purpose other than for the experience.;Richard Dean Anderson;travel
Although my book is banned I am still allowed to go to China and travel. There is no longer the kind of control that Mao used to have-there have been deep fundamental changes in society.;Jung Chang;travel
I didn't have a regular school experience and wanted a more abstract way of learning. I started exploring in lots of different creative ways. It gave me the opportunity to travel and play music, so it was good for me.;Brie Larson;travel
If the graves of the thousands of victims who have fallen in the terrible wars of the two races had been placed in line the philanthropist might travel from the Atlantic to the Pacific, and from the Lakes to the Gulf, and be constantly in sight of green mounds.;Nelson A. Miles;travel
I like reading, free diving and hiking. But my favorite thing to do is travel anywhere in Greece. I love everything about that place.;Max Irons;travel
Americans in particular are myopic. They're not traveling as much. When you were a college student, the next thing you would do on graduation was to take a year off and travel. That's what I did. I went to Indonesia.;Julie Taymor;travel
We are not coaching on a daily basis because we often travel with our charity and commercial interests.;Nadia Comaneci;travel
Young people don't want to be second to anyone. Everyone wants to be an overnight star. Look how many years I had to wait, how many roads I had to travel, how many songs I had to sing. And now I'm just beginning, never ending.;Compay Segundo;travel
As a child I sometimes used to travel to the West Bank to visit my family, so I know what the checkpoints felt like. I knew what it was like to live under occupation.;Queen Rania of Jordan;travel
My sisters and I were fortunate to travel through Asia and Europe at very young ages. We confronted extraordinary beauty in Athens and unspeakable poverty in India.;Mary Chapin Carpenter;travel
Being in Blur has allowed me to travel and hear the music that's being made all over the world.;Damon Albarn;travel
My ideal travel companions are my surfboard, wetsuit, and guitar.;Alexander Ludwig;travel
My favorite travel pastime is writing music, either with my guitar or on my computer.;Alexander Ludwig;travel
The travel and tourism industry is the lifeblood of many states around the country - including Florida, California, New York and Nevada, to name a few.;Mark Foley;travel
Domestic travel and tourism-related spending has reached $1 trillion a year.;Mark Foley;travel
Until the June 1967 war I was completely caught up in the life of a young professor of English. Beginning in 1968, I started to think, write, and travel as someone who felt himself to be directly involved in the renaissance of Palestinian life and politics.;Edward Said;travel
There's only one drummer. We all travel to his beat. Well, I couldn't sing his song. Because for me, it wasn't a truthful statement. Well, Linda sang it, and it was a monster for her.;Barry McGuire;travel
The world has become more complex as technology and easy travel mixes cultures without homogenizing them.;Norman Spinrad;travel
I'm terrified of bugs and I travel with sprays, lotions, potions the lot. I have to check the room before I go to sleep and if I come across a bug and fail to remove it I have to sleep in a separate room as I'm paranoid that I'll be taken advantage of as I sleep.;Freema Agyeman;travel
I get to travel around the world and meet all of these amazing people, and they're singing my songs! And to me, that's crazy.;Kina Grannis;travel
Lovers of air travel find it exhilarating to hang poised between the illusion of immortality and the fact of death.;Alexander Chase;travel
At American Airlines, we have built a business around the love of travel that has lasted three quarters of a century. And I'm pretty sure we're just getting started.;Gerard Arpey;travel
All the rappers my age are getting Audemars and Rolexes. I want to find my own thing. That's why I travel the world - for me, that's my B-side, why we go places. I have a Hublot on from time to time but I want a home base watch - something that's elegant but has got a little pizzazz to it.;Wale;travel
I love to travel, but hate to arrive.;Hernando Cortez;travel
I hope to have more time to think, to look at the sky, dealing with less crisis management, to learn another language, to travel.;Juliet Stevenson;travel
Book tours and research provide a lot of travel - too much, I sometimes think, but we do take vacations.;Bernard Cornwell;travel
The roughest part of that lifestyle is the travel and early mornings.;Josie Maran;travel
I'm having a great time. I get to travel and see the world. And yeah, I'll have a family, because I don't want to miss out on that amazing experience, but it's not defining who I am.;Krysten Ritter;travel
I can't wait to start something up myself that is actually about giving unsigned bands the exposure they deserve, especially when they travel so far to play the smallest gig they've ever played in their lives.;Dan Hawkins;travel
Travel provided many interesting experiences, but perhaps the most useful lesson I learned was that I really had no proficiency for learning the thousands of characters of the written Chinese language.;Eric Allin Cornell;travel
If you travel around America you see different sections of highways donated by this or that person, and that's a slow beginning of what may end up being a situation common in the Third World: some sections of highways in wealthy areas are beautifully maintained and other parts are just dirt-strewn potholes.;Robert D. Kaplan;travel
Along with that ongoing process Sinn Fein took a decision to establish a peace commission which had the responsibility to travel around the country to receive submissions from the general public, also our opponents.;Martin McGuinness;travel
I travel in so many different ways I travel high, I rough it... it all depends on who I travel with.;Diane von Furstenberg;travel
Yes, I travel in unusual circles. George Osborne and his wife Frances are my cousins.;Daryl Hall;travel
I made 22 million in 14 years... with taxes, and travel and everything else, it gets blown out the window... which is why I still need to work.;Boomer Esiason;travel
But as far as being an American and loving this country and getting a chance to travel across it every day and meeting people on the road and folks in the military, I love this country on so many different levels.;Dierks Bentley;travel
As a general rule, I don't plan to travel with my Oscars, but we may have to make an exception.;Paul Haggis;travel
I based in Brazil, Sao Paulo, but I come very often to the states, and I travel all over the world.;Emerson Fittipaldi;travel
I like to be at home because I just travel so much. I have four dogs, golden retrievers.;Denise Richards;travel
I don't mind where I work, it's really nice to be able to travel around and taste the flavours of different countries.;Toni Collette;travel
I aimlessly travel, meaning I have no agenda other than to get small in the world, be quiet and observe people.;Walton Goggins;travel
I don't like to leave anything unfinished on my desk before I travel.;Vijay Mallya;travel
Within 10 years it will be impossible to travel to the North Pole by dog team. There will be too much open water.;Will Steger;travel
I wanted to travel from the beginning. As a kid, I used to dream about airplanes, before I ever flew in one.;Mary Ellen Mark;travel
I read everything: fiction, history, science, mathematics, biography, travel.;Martin Lewis Perl;travel
I travel Europe every couple of weeks. I just came back from London, Holland and Denmark. Every nation on this planet has its issues with race, and I am not sure if everyone has figured out how to deal with it.;Montel Williams;travel
I like the opportunity to travel the world and work in close company with other people.;Marc Garneau;travel
I never travel without my sketch book.;Ian Wright;travel
Modeling, for me, was not fulfilling. I didn't see the point - although I was able to travel a great deal. I lived in Italy, Germany, and Spain, but I wasn't devoted to it.;Tom Welling;travel
Every hotel room, every apartment we rent, I am sage-ing. And I have crystals that I travel with. It just makes me feel better.;Jenna Dewan;travel
I'm happy because I won't have to train again, or travel or sit in team hotels.;Romario;travel
I lived at home and I cycled every morning to the railway station to travel by train to Johannesburg followed by a walk to the University, carrying sandwiches for my lunch and returning in the evening the same way.;Sydney Brenner;travel
Air travel survived decades of terrorism, including attacks which resulted in the deaths of everyone on the plane. It survived 9/11. It'll survive the next successful attack. The only real worry is that we'll scare ourselves into making air travel so onerous that we won't fly anymore.;Bruce Schneier;travel
It's a unique situation as well because England is a small country, so it makes it easy for the fans to travel. If we play down in London, they get buses and we'll get three or four thousand fans come down. They'll all sit in the same area and show their support for the team.;Claudio Reyna;travel
I like to think that if it hadn't gone as well as it has, if I wasn't able to make a living off of playing music, I would still be playing the music. But, of course, I wouldn't likely have had the opportunity to travel, and a lot of the places have inspired songs.;Bruce Cockburn;travel
Strange, is it not? That of the myriads who Before us pass'd the door of Darkness through, Not one returns to tell us of the Road Which to discover we must travel too.;Edward Fitzgerald;travel
When you travel, remember that a foreign country is not designed to make you comfortable. It is designed to make its own people comfortable.;Clifton Paul Fadiman;travel
I actually bought a travel guitar, and that guitar is really cool. You can actually fold the guitar, and you can plug headphones into it, but it's acoustic, or semi-acoustic.;Daniel Ek;travel
Singing is my passion and I always wanted to travel the country.;Thia Megia;travel
The most useful form of time travel would be to go back a year or two and rectify the mistakes we made.;Matt Lucas;travel
Well, I took a sabbatical. I walked away from shooting movies because I couldn't handle the travel. I'm a single parent. I had young kids, and I found that keeping in touch with them from hotel rooms and airports wasn't working for me. So I stopped.;Rick Moranis;travel
Travel definitely affects me as a writer.;Anthony Doerr;travel
I enjoyed working as a model a lot as it let me travel and I got to do some really interesting projects.;Patricia Velasquez;travel
I loved the travel but I didn't love the work. I mean, come on, modelling is only so stimulating!;Brooklyn Decker;travel
I only travel to good material, a good director and a good company. I won't work in another country for a year any longer, because I have a lovely wife and I adore her and I can't bear to be away from her.;Jim Dale;travel
It was good to travel to the other side of the world.;Andre Braugher;travel
At each of these northern posts there were interesting experiences in store for me, as one who had read all the books of northern travel and dreamed for half a lifetime of the north and that was - almost daily meeting with famous men.;Ernest Thompson Seton;travel
I have to travel a lot, but relaxation to me is when I am at home.;Mikhail Khodorkovsky;travel
Time travel may be achieved one day, or it may not. But if it is, it should not require any fundamental change in world-view, at least for those who broadly share the world view I am presenting in this book.;David Deutsch;travel
For young girls, whom I meet a lot when I travel around the country, it will be a big thing. It will really show them that there's no post in Denmark that a girl can't aspire to.;Helle Thorning-Schmidt;travel
I was always just into my music and maybe into trying to save the world a little bit. I never really thought I'd have a hit record or anything like that. I was prepared to travel around all over the country, kind of like a Johnny Appleseed, and sing.;Don McLean;travel
People think I'm crazy because I travel too much, but I haven't been doing any of that lately because I got a little sick this year and I've tried to take care of it.;Lee Hazlewood;travel
I was in the studio so much, it was about the search for air in a metaphoric sense, and the breathing has more to do with travel for me, about the search musically for open air.;Keren Ann;travel
All of my friends are animal people. To me, cats are people, too. Animals are people, too. I travel a lot and when I go overseas, it's really hard on me because the animals are treated much differently, especially in developing countries.;AnnaLynne McCord;travel
Ridiculous stuff happens when I travel.;Rebecca Lobo;travel
The travel and tourism industry, it's just a huge part of our economy.;Karen Hughes;travel
The more you travel, the more well-off you'll be, I think.;RJ Mitte;travel
Every job has its downside. For example, being in a band the travel part of it - getting picked up from your house in a car, going to the airport, getting on a plane, going from the airplane to a van, then going from the van to a hotel.;Dave Lombardo;travel
We need to be aware of all aspects: To check how they travel, how they eat, the competition conditions.;Alberto Juantorena;travel
Prison service vans that travel 90 miles to take a prisoner 90 yards paedophiles free to leer at children in the very parks where they have committed horrific crimes.;Trevor Phillips;travel
Travel is the frivolous part of serious lives, and the serious part of frivolous ones.;Sophie Swetchine;travel
I get to travel, see the world, meet people and be independent. I feel blessed.;Bar Refaeli;travel
I really have to dance more often, and so I travel around. If I don't, I will crumble.;Rudolf Nureyev;travel
When you're a kid, I think you want to be a film star. And I'm not as enamoured with that any more. The reality of that life is a lot of travel, and a lot of being away, which is impractical because I have four children, so I don't want to be away that much, not the other side of the world away.;Rob Brydon;travel
But when I really look back on my life, being really honest about it and now that I've got the chance to travel the world, seeing how a lot of little kids grow up - my life wasn't so bad.;Coolio;travel
Rocket scientists agree that we have about reached the limit of our ability to travel in space using chemical rockets. To achieve anything near the speed of light we will need a new energy source and a new propellant. Nuclear fission is not an option.;Wilson Greatbatch;travel
My dad is a pilot so I think I was born with the travel bug.;Isabel Lucas;travel
It was a secular cathedral, dedicated to the rites of travel.;Robert Hughes;travel
I think I usually have quite ordinary dreams. Sometimes my dreams take me to other dimensions. I can travel in my mind especially when I'm dreaming I focus my mind on what I want to dream. If I want to fly, I focus on flying.;Uri Geller;travel
I travel like a gypsy, and I didn't know how I could perform and be a mother.;Natalia Makarova;travel
I can travel anywhere in the world and I can pretty much fit in.;Kristin Kreuk;travel
I don't travel anywhere without the PS3 and XBox. There's nothing better to do on long bus trips while on tour.;Soulja Boy;travel
I would like to host a show, something like travel or cooking or something like that, something I'm really interested in, and so I'm pitching a couple television shows.;Trishelle Cannatella;travel
It definitely gets challenging at times. I travel a lot more now, and its never easy having to leave the kids, even if its for a few days.;Peter Facinelli;travel
You know, the interesting thing about having traveled around the country as much as I have, and I think it's sort of inadvertently what made me come out or at least begin doing things within the community and thinking more about that, was that I get to travel quite a bit.;Lesley Gore;travel
It's like this - because I travel so much, I crave certain foods or certain things, like from certain places that I've been.;Alex Meraz;travel
I have been able to travel all over the country and see many places that I probably never would have visited. I have also participated in many charity events for worthy causes.;Rob Mariano;travel
A world with a sudden limit on air travel would be tremendously different from the one we live in now.;Charles C. Mann;travel
I don't write under the ghost of Faulkner. I live in the same town and find his life and work inspiring, but that's it. I have a motorcycle and tool along the country lanes. I travel at my own speed.;Barry Hannah;travel
I'm extremely blessed because I travel extensively for my work, but I always try to incorporate a bit of leisure with business.;Linda Gray;travel
As far as my favorite sites, I do a lot of mundane stuff on line because I travel so much.;Bruce Campbell;travel
The genre has moved into this commercial aspect of itself, and ignored this extraordinarily rich literature that's filed everywhere else except under travel.;Robyn Davidson;travel
I just don't see myself as a travel writer. I can't. I don't.;Robyn Davidson;travel
I don't have any superstitions, but what I always travel with is my pillow and my coffee.;Natalie Coughlin;travel
While the spoken word can travel faster, you can't take it home in your hand. Only the written word can be absorbed wholly at the convenience of the reader.;Kingman Brewster, Jr.;travel
If I had children, I would be very selfish. I wouldn't be out doing things. But by not having kids, it makes me freer to travel the world and talk about things I feel are important.;Linda Blair;travel
I was home-schooled. But going to high school, I never would've been able to travel the U.S. or been able to do acting.;Ethan Embry;travel
For people to understand me when I travel, I speak with my hands.;Marcel Carne;travel
Travel is the most private of pleasures. There is no greater bore than the travel bore. We do not in the least want to hear what he has seen in Hong Kong.;Vita Sackville-West;travel
I can tell you that when I travel the state, when I talk to people, they are really struggling, in a very real way. They're losing their jobs, they're losing their homes, they're dealing with financial challenges.;Alexi Giannoulias;travel
I'm vegan on home base, but when I travel to other countries, I throw it all into the garbage.;Lake Bell;travel
I used to travel in tennis shoes I am just not allowed to anymore. I'm an old hippie from San Francisco.;Amy Irving;travel
I'd like to be able to travel anywhere in an instant.;Jason Behr;travel
I travel 330 days a year and eat every two and a half hours - I'm a big guy. I always carry a fork, little bottles of spices, and Sriracha. I eat what I feel like eating.;Robert Irvine;travel
When I began writing that I was able and did travel and met some fascinating people and also uncovered some history, which has not been discovered before.;Arthur Hailey;travel
I might have been born in a hovel but I am determined to travel with the wind and the stars.;Jacqueline Cochran;travel
I was afterwards sorry for this, though, if I ever travel again, I shall trust to none but natives, as the climate of Africa is too trying to foreigners.;John H. Speke;travel
But he knew people and he was head writer for Have Gun Will Travel, and if you took those early Star Treks that we did and put us in a western wardrobe and put us on wagon train going west, we can say the same lines.;Majel Barrett;travel
The travel, the amazing work I have had the chance to do, the meetings with different people are all very inspiring and give me lots of positive energy.;Saskia de Brauw;travel
When I think of myself at 15, even 17, I could simply not have done this work on an international level and travel all the time, take care of myself and not feel lost. I feel very happy that this is happening now, and not 10 years ago, as I feel stronger as a person.;Saskia de Brauw;travel
Spirit of place! It is for this we travel, to surprise its subtlety and where it is a strong and dominant angel, that place, seen once, abides entire in the memory with all its own accidents, its habits, its breath, its name.;Alice Meynell;travel
I don't like to travel as much as I have in the past, but it's good for my soul to get to pick, especially with these good musicians and these guys that play so well.;Earl Scruggs;travel
All I wanted was to be big, to be in show business and to travel... and that's what I've been doing all my life.;Count Basie;travel
When the plane is delayed, it's not the fault of the girl at the desk. I'm resigned to the fact that everything is out of my control and that air travel nowadays is barbaric.;Tom Conti;travel
Travel is very subjective. What one person loves, another loathes.;Robin Leach;travel
I travel abroad constantly on book promotion and research, and the Internet is invaluable to me for accessing U.K. news in places such as America, which most of the time hasn't heard of England.;Peter James;travel
Travel is very subjective. What one person loves, another loathes. I would say a private paradise in the Caribbean. If you want culture and class, I would say Tuscany. If you want exotic, I would say Bangkok, Thailand.;Robin Leach;travel
Modeling has given me the opportunity to travel outside of Brazil and see the world. I have been meeting many interesting and talented people along the way.;Izabel Goulart;travel
I want to do more documentaries and travel to places I haven't been. That is where I think I can be fulfilled.;Tatjana Patitz;travel
I wanted to be looked at for the skateboarder that I was. I didn't want to be the 36-year-old skateboarder who's still holding on while owning a company at the same time. I wanted to make my mark and travel and accomplish a few things here and there and then get out.;Jason Lee;travel
I grew up skateboarding it was fun. I didn't think about money, I didn't know how much professional skateboarders made. I just knew that if I became a professional skateboarder, I would achieve a lot and get to travel and do these great things.;Jason Lee;travel
You become a better writer by writing. You become a better travel writer by writing about travel.;Tim Cahill;travel
I am living out my adolescent dream of travel and adventure.;Tim Cahill;travel
You have to first be a writer and somebody who loves to write. If I couldn't travel, I would still write.;Tim Cahill;travel
Restless, and in desperate need of adventure, I quit my job at an insurance company to travel west with a couple of guys I smoked pot with, scandalizing my family.;Mink Stole;travel
If interstellar travel is as time- or energy- demanding as the above figures indicate, it is far from obvious what the motive for colonization might be.;Barney Oliver;travel
It would be a pity if, frustrated by the price of travel, we elected to become a society that never made contact, that never gave SETI a fair chance.;Barney Oliver;travel
Our covering ministry is Challenge for Christ ministries, and Travel the Road was solely our mission arm, designed to expose people to what missions are, then connect them with agencies that send people out.;Michael Scott;travel
I think it's important to travel around in order to get a notion of what's going on, to find out what people are think about. I enjoy talking on campuses most because people are more informed and discussion is generally livelier.;Harrison Salisbury;travel
My Christmas present to myself each year is to see how much air travel can open up the world and take me to places as far from sheltered California and Japan as possible.;Pico Iyer;travel
I intend to travel to Okinawa and to visit with Okinawa officials and the citizens of Okinawa at an early date. I will send my best analysis of that situation, including the local attitudes, back to Washington, to the government there.;Howard Baker;travel
Since traveling is such a big part of my life when I am working, I like to vacation relatively close to home. Florida is a great place for me to go and relax. It's so close, which is perfect because it's the minimal travel time.;Hilary Rhoda;travel
For me, Dracula has always been associated with travel and beautiful historical places.;Elizabeth Kostova;travel
Our government shouldn't tell us where to travel and where not to travel.;Jeff Flake;travel
Foreign policy is about trying to deliver for them the best possible economic benefits, the chance to travel, to study, to work, the opportunity through trade to be able to sell their goods and services and as much peace and security so they can live and bring their kids up so they don't have to fear war.;Catherine Ashton;travel
I really wish we could stay longer in the countries we visit, but I've been lucky to have visited most of them before, because I've done a tremendous amount of travel.;Phil Keoghan;travel
I travel a lot I hate having my life disrupted by routine.;Caskie Stinnett;travel
We have had a chance to travel to all 56 counties in this state, and I have had the chance to sit around with cups of coffee and having conversations about what matters to Montanans.;Steve Daines;travel
I usually travel with a lot of people, like my dad, mom and sisters.;Booboo Stewart;travel
Absolutely the worst thing about this job is the travel and being away from family. I have a wife and three wonderful children, the kids are all active in sports and it's very difficult to up and leave and miss them growing up.;Roy Clark;travel
The thing I love about being an actor is the ability to travel and experience new cultures.;Paul Wesley;travel
I'm crazy about my father, he's an amazing man, a real adventurer. He took us with him to travel all over the world. We were in places that were so remote, that white people hardly ever reach them.;Peta Wilson;travel
It's hard now to imagine that kind of travel and the daily tasks they simply took for granted. If a wagon axle broke, you had to stop and carve a new one. To cross a river, you sometimes had to build a raft.;James Houston;travel
To enjoy enduring success we should travel a little in advance of the world.;John McDonald;travel
The travel writer seeks the world we have lost - the lost valleys of the imagination.;Alexander Cockburn;travel
I really enjoy travel, I enjoy the U.K., I enjoy Scotland, Glasgow.;George Wendt;travel
Travel is impossible, but daydreaming about travel is easy.;B. J. Novak;travel
My first ever job after college was as a flight attendant. I wanted to travel and could not afford it, so I decided to get myself a job where I could travel. I did it for two years and had great fun.;Jacqueline Winspear;travel
Whenever I travel anywhere, I'm constantly asked if I'm Swedish. It's the burden of most Norwegians. The Swedes have just got a better publicity agent, I think.;Christopher Heyerdahl;travel
I have no plans to have any other home than Moscow. However, I love to travel, and I'm very comfortable in New York. In many ways, it reminds me of Moscow in its energy and drive.;Mikhail Prokhorov;travel
I always travel with my bike and it has become a little more difficult to do it nowadays, but I stick it in 3,5 by 6-foot case and wheel that thing in.;Donny Robinson;travel
I used my aviation contacts to open a travel agency. I used to book Caribbean flights.;Joseph Force Crater;travel
I always enjoyed politics. I worked at the White House recently, primarily for the First Lady. Because of my experience running my travel agency, I was in charge of the files she kept on the Travel Office.;Joseph Force Crater;travel
You travel across the country, you visit departments, you give talks, you talk about the work at your laboratory - what's going on, what the opportunities are there - you talk about your own research.;Frank Press;travel
As the President has indicated, my life has been a life of travel - for 60 years constantly moving over the wide world on journeys which first and last have taken me to 83 countries, and, what is more significant, to most of them again and again.;John Raleigh Mott;travel
To travel hopefully is better than to arrive.;James Jeans;travel
Now, therefore, the Directors of the company are hereby ordered to see that precautions are taken to make travel on said railroad perfectly safe by using a screw with at least twenty-four inches diameter.;Joshua A. Norton;travel
Sometimes I envy people who can be only half crazy, with one foot in the passion and one foot in the real world. But that's not me. I dive into the total crazy experience. That's the only way to travel.;Kiran Ahluwalia;travel
Wherever we go, across the Pacific or Atlantic, we meet, not similarity so much as 'the bizarre'. Things astonish us, when we travel, that surprise nobody else.;Miriam Beard;travel
We need affordable space travel to inspire our youth, to let them know that they can experience their dreams, can set significant goals and be in a position to lead all of us to future progress in exploration, discovery and fun. Thanks to the X Prize for the inspiration.;Burt Rutan;travel
Actually, I started to become an actress because I met someone who was just a friend and I found his life wonderful, I thought, Oh my god, you can travel, you're free, you can do what you want, you're the boss. And then I met an actor and I was in love with him.;Lea Seydoux;travel
I sometimes think that Thomas Cook should be numbered among the secular saints. He took travel from the privileged and gave it to the people.;Robert Runcie;travel
Travel, instead of broadening the mind, often merely lengthens the conversation.;Elizabeth Drew;travel
Too often travel, instead of broadening the mind, merely lengthens the conversation.;Elizabeth Drew;travel
The biggest kick I get is to communicate with those who are exiled from the game - in hospitals, homes, prisons - those who have seldom seen a game, who can't travel to a game, those who are blind.;Jack Buck;travel
Having my first number one single and being able to travel to places I've never been before has been amazing. The tour was also fantastic. There are so many things which I've experienced this year which I never even dreamed of.;Gareth Gates;travel
We must go beyond textbooks, go out into the bypaths and untrodden depths of the wilderness and travel and explore and tell the world the glories of our journey.;John Hope Franklin;travel
I hated the idea of a high school sweetheart. Growing up, oh my God, it just made me sick. I wanted to have a range of cool boyfriends. I wanted to travel around and date these interesting men. Then it just happened. You fall in love.;Charlotte Arnold;travel
A lot of people say that comedy doesn't travel well. I found it very accessible.;Mark Addy;travel
Traveling is my form of self-education. Every stream I fish now is not as good as it used to be. Traveling is my form of self-education. Every stream I fish now is not as good as it used to be. If you keep your eyes open as you travel around, you realize we are destroying this planet.;Yvon Chouinard;travel
I think space will be conquered through the mind rather than the clumsy medium of space travel.;Patrick Troughton;travel
I travel the world, and I'm happy to say that America is still the great melting pot - maybe a chunky stew rather than a melting pot at this point, but you know what I mean.;Philip Glass;travel
Soul travel can be a general expansion of awareness and knowingness or conscious experience of the heavenly worlds.;Bob Hayes;travel
Everything has been homogenized. Over time, with television and jet travel, everybody has blended together. Some of our wonderful charm has been lost.;Bruce Paltrow;travel
There's no need to travel further. The Los Angeles area is big enough for us.;Marvin Davis;travel
Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none.;William Shakespeare;trust
For every good reason there is to lie, there is a better reason to tell the truth.;Bo Bennett;trust
The trust of the innocent is the liar's most useful tool.;Stephen King;trust
Learning to trust is one of life's most difficult tasks.;Isaac Watts;trust
Trust yourself. Create the kind of self that you will be happy to live with all your life. Make the most of yourself by fanning the tiny, inner sparks of possibility into flames of achievement.;Golda Meir;trust
To be trusted is a greater compliment than being loved.;George MacDonald;trust
All I have seen teaches me to trust the creator for all I have not seen.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;trust
A lie can travel half way around the world while the truth is putting on its shoes.;Charles Spurgeon;trust
Someone who thinks the world is always cheating him is right. He is missing that wonderful feeling of trust in someone or something.;Eric Hoffer;trust
Never trust anyone who wants what you've got. Friend or no, envy is an overwhelming emotion.;Eubie Blake;trust
Trust is to human relationships what faith is to gospel living. It is the beginning place, the foundation upon which more can be built. Where trust is, love can flourish.;Barbara Smith;trust
I would rather trust a woman's instinct than a man's reason.;Stanley Baldwin;trust
The more you trust your intuition, the more empowered you become, the stronger you become, and the happier you become.;Gisele Bundchen;trust
Trust your hunches. They're usually based on facts filed away just below the conscious level.;Joyce Brothers;trust
Never be afraid to trust an unknown future to a known God.;Corrie Ten Boom;trust
The most important lesson that I have learned is to trust God in every circumstance. Lots of times we go through different trials and following God's plan seems like it doesn't make any sense at all. God is always in control and he will never leave us.;Allyson Felix;trust
Trust yourself, then you will know how to live.;Johann Wolfgang von Goethe;trust
A man who trusts nobody is apt to be the kind of man nobody trusts.;Harold MacMillan;trust
You can't trust water: Even a straight stick turns crooked in it.;W. C. Fields;trust
Depend upon yourself. Make your judgement trustworthy by trusting it. You can develop good judgement as you do the muscles of your body - by judicious, daily exercise. To be known as a man of sound judgement will be much in your favor.;Grantland Rice;trust
Just trust yourself, then you will know how to live.;Johann Wolfgang von Goethe;trust
I always trust my gut reaction it's always right.;Kiana Tom;trust
When I get logical, and I don't trust my instincts - that's when I get in trouble.;Angelina Jolie;trust
I can trust my friends These people force me to examine myself, encourage me to grow.;Cher;trust
Trust your own instinct. Your mistakes might as well be your own, instead of someone else's.;Billy Wilder;trust
A half truth, like half a brick, is always more forcible as an argument than a whole one. It carries better.;Stephen Leacock;trust
I repeat... that all power is a trust that we are accountable for its exercise that from the people and for the people all springs, and all must exist.;Benjamin Disraeli;trust
Don't trust anyone over 30.;Pat Boone;trust
Trust in what you love, continue to do it, and it will take you where you need to go.;Natalie Goldberg;trust
The chief lesson I have learned in a long life is that the only way you can make a man trustworthy is to trust him and the surest way to make him untrustworthy is to distrust him.;Henry L. Stimson;trust
How can people trust the harvest, unless they see it sown?;Mary Renault;trust
Trust in yourself. Your perceptions are often far more accurate than you are willing to believe.;Claudia Black;trust
If we really want to be full and generous in spirit, we have no choice but to trust at some level.;Rita Dove;trust
Men are able to trust one another, knowing the exact degree of dishonesty they are entitled to expect.;Stephen Leacock;trust
You can't trust anybody with power.;Newt Gingrich;trust
Few delights can equal the presence of one whom we trust utterly.;George MacDonald;trust
Never trust a husband too far, nor a bachelor too near.;Helen Rowland;trust
Men trust their ears less than their eyes.;Herodotus;trust
Put your trust in the Lord and go ahead. Worry gets you no place.;Roy Acuff;trust
It's a delight to trust somebody so completely.;Jeff Goldblum;trust
Trust should be the basis for all our moral training.;Robert Baden-Powell;trust
Trust not too much to appearances.;Virgil;trust
I believe fundamental honesty is the keystone of business.;Harvey S. Firestone;trust
I have to trust what I do and then do it.;Ednita Nazario;trust
Trust no friend without faults, and love a woman, but no angel.;Doris Lessing;trust
Trust in God - she will provide.;Emmeline Pankhurst;trust
Trust yourself, you know more than you think you do.;Benjamin Spock;trust
Whoever has trusted a woman has trusted deceivers.;Hesiod;trust
You have got to discover you, what you do, and trust it.;Barbra Streisand;trust
I never trusted good-looking boys.;Frances McDormand;trust
In these times, God's people must trust him for rest of body and soul.;David Wilkerson;trust
Never trust sheep.;Ryan Stiles;trust
Trusting your individual uniqueness challenges you to lay yourself open.;James Broughton;trust
Do not trust your memory it is a net full of holes the most beautiful prizes slip through it.;Georges Duhamel;trust
Would you want to do business with a person who was 99% honest?;Sydney Madwed;trust
Who would not rather trust and be deceived?;Eliza Cook;trust
Trust everybody, but cut the cards.;Finley Peter Dunne;trust
Trust is a great force multiplier.;Tom Ridge;trust
Trust your ability!;Itzhak Perlman;trust
We must trust our own thinking. Trust where we're going. And get the job done.;Wilma Mankiller;trust
Again, you can't connect the dots looking forward you can only connect them looking backwards. So you have to trust that the dots will somehow connect in your future. You have to trust in something - your gut, destiny, life, karma, whatever. This approach has never let me down, and it has made all the difference in my life.;Steve Jobs;trust
Never trust anyone completely but God. Love people, but put your full trust only in God.;Lawrence Welk;trust
The best way to find out if you can trust somebody is to trust them.;Ernest Hemingway;trust
The friend in my adversity I shall always cherish most. I can better trust those who helped to relieve the gloom of my dark hours than those who are so ready to enjoy with me the sunshine of my prosperity.;Ulysses S. Grant;trust
The best proof of love is trust.;Joyce Brothers;trust
You can't connect the dots looking forward you can only connect them looking backwards. So you have to trust that the dots will somehow connect in your future. You have to trust in something - your gut, destiny, life, karma, whatever. This approach has never let me down, and it has made all the difference in my life.;Steve Jobs;trust
Trust, but verify.;Ronald Reagan;trust
When a man assumes a public trust he should consider himself a public property.;Thomas Jefferson;trust
The sadness of the women's movement is that they don't allow the necessity of love. See, I don't personally trust any revolution where love is not allowed.;Maya Angelou;trust
Me, I'm dishonest, and you can always trust a dishonest man to be dishonest. Honestly, it's the honest ones you have to watch out for.;Johnny Depp;trust
He who does not trust enough, Will not be trusted.;Lao Tzu;trust
Let every eye negotiate for itself and trust no agent.;William Shakespeare;trust
Trust men and they will be true to you treat them greatly and they will show themselves great.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;trust
You may be deceived if you trust too much, but you will live in torment if you don't trust enough.;Frank Crane;trust
To state the facts frankly is not to despair the future nor indict the past. The prudent heir takes careful inventory of his legacies and gives a faithful accounting to those whom he owes an obligation of trust.;John F. Kennedy;trust
Trust your instinct to the end, though you can render no reason.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;trust
He who has faith has... an inward reservoir of courage, hope, confidence, calmness, and assuring trust that all will come out well - even though to the world it may appear to come out most badly.;B. C. Forbes;trust
One of the common failings among honorable people is a failure to appreciate how thoroughly dishonorable some other people can be, and how dangerous it is to trust them.;Thomas Sowell;trust
Americans have the right and advantage of being armed - unlike the citizens of other countries whose governments are afraid to trust the people with arms.;James Madison;trust
We are dying from overthinking. We are slowly killing ourselves by thinking about everything. Think. Think. Think. You can never trust the human mind anyway. It's a death trap.;Anthony Hopkins;trust
Trust is hard to come by. That's why my circle is small and tight. I'm kind of funny about making new friends.;Eminem;trust
As soon as you trust yourself, you will know how to live.;Johann Wolfgang von Goethe;trust
Trust in dreams, for in them is hidden the gate to eternity.;Khalil Gibran;trust
A blessed thing it is for any man or woman to have a friend, one human soul whom we can trust utterly, who knows the best and worst of us, and who loves us in spite of all our faults.;Charles Kingsley;trust
Disappointment is inevitable. But to become discouraged, there's a choice I make. God would never discourage me. He would always point me to himself to trust him. Therefore, my discouragement is from Satan. As you go through the emotions that we have, hostility is not from God, bitterness, unforgiveness, all of these are attacks from Satan.;Charles Stanley;trust
I've realized that being happy is a choice. You never want to rub anybody the wrong way or not be fun to be around, but you have to be happy. When I get logical and I don't trust my instincts - Thats when I get in trouble.;Angelina Jolie;trust
Age appears to be best in four things old wood best to burn, old wine to drink, old friends to trust, and old authors to read.;Francis Bacon;trust
The 'public' scares me, but people I trust.;Marilyn Monroe;trust
If the people cannot trust their government to do the job for which it exists - to protect them and to promote their common welfare - all else is lost.;Barack Obama;trust
When a train goes through a tunnel and it gets dark, you don't throw away the ticket and jump off. You sit still and trust the engineer.;Corrie Ten Boom;trust
Loyalty and devotion lead to bravery. Bravery leads to the spirit of self-sacrifice. The spirit of self-sacrifice creates trust in the power of love.;Morihei Ueshiba;trust
This world of ours... must avoid becoming a community of dreadful fear and hate, and be, instead, a proud confederation of mutual trust and respect.;Dwight D. Eisenhower;trust
To have faith is to trust yourself to the water. When you swim you don't grab hold of the water, because if you do you will sink and drown. Instead you relax, and float.;Alan Watts;trust
Never make your home in a place. Make a home for yourself inside your own head. You'll find what you need to furnish it - memory, friends you can trust, love of learning, and other such things. That way it will go with you wherever you journey.;Tad Williams;trust
Do not let your hearts be troubled. Trust in God trust also in me.;Jesus Christ;trust
I lost my sense of trust, honesty and compassion. I crashed down and became what I consider an emotional mess. I've never been so miserable in my whole life. I just wanted to go to bed and never get up.;Shania Twain;trust
The senses deceive from time to time, and it is prudent never to trust wholly those who have deceived us even once.;Rene Descartes;trust
Sometimes you trust someone who turns out not to be honest. There are a lot of things that happen in life that don't turn out the way you're given the impression that they will. And I think that's all kind of a con. But I think we've probably all been hurt.;Sigourney Weaver;trust
There is danger from all men. The only maxim of a free government ought to be to trust no man living with power to endanger the public liberty.;John Adams;trust
I have known a vast quantity of nonsense talked about bad men not looking you in the face. Don't trust that conventional idea. Dishonesty will stare honesty out of countenance any day in the week, if there is anything to be got by it.;Charles Dickens;trust
The Constitution preserves the advantage of being armed which Americans possess over the people of almost every other nation where the governments are afraid to trust the people with arms.;James Madison;trust
I love women, but I feel like you can't trust some of them. Some of them are liars, you know? Like I was in the park and I met this girl, she was cute and she had a dog. And I went up to her, we started talking. She told me her dog's name. Then I said, 'Does he bite?' She said, 'No.' And I said, 'Oh yeah? Then how does he eat?' Liar.;Demetri Martin;trust
The only white man you can trust is a dead white man.;Robert Mugabe;trust
One must be fond of people and trust them if one is not to make a mess of life.;E. M. Forster;trust
In almost every profession - whether it's law or journalism, finance or medicine or academia or running a small business - people rely on confidential communications to do their jobs. We count on the space of trust that confidentiality provides. When someone breaches that trust, we are all worse off for it.;Hillary Clinton;trust
There's as much crookedness as you want to find. There was something Abraham Lincoln said - he'd rather trust and be disappointed than distrust and be miserable all the time. Maybe I trusted too much.;John Wooden;trust
I cannot trust a man to control others who cannot control himself.;Robert E. Lee;trust
Faith is not belief without proof, but trust without reservation.;D. Elton Trueblood;trust
For it is mutual trust, even more than mutual interest that holds human associations together. Our friends seldom profit us but they make us feel safe. Marriage is a scheme to accomplish exactly that same end.;H. L. Mencken;trust
Mr. Chairman, delegates. I accept your nomination for President of the United States of America. I do so with humility, deeply moved by the trust you have placed in me. It is a great honor. It is an even greater responsibility.;Mitt Romney;trust
In our minds, love and lust are really separated. It's hard to find someone that can be kind and you can trust enough to leave your kids with, and isn't afraid to throw her man up against the wall and lick him from head to toe.;Tori Amos;trust
A wedding anniversary is the celebration of love, trust, partnership, tolerance and tenacity. The order varies for any given year.;Paul Sweeney;trust
Few things can help an individual more than to place responsibility on him, and to let him know that you trust him.;Booker T. Washington;trust
Trust is the glue of life. It's the most essential ingredient in effective communication. It's the foundational principle that holds all relationships.;Stephen Covey;trust
It is better to suffer wrong than to do it, and happier to be sometimes cheated than not to trust.;Samuel Johnson;trust
My trust in a higher power that wants me to survive and have love in my life, is what keeps me moving forward.;Kenny Loggins;trust
I asked a ref if he could give me a technical foul for thinking bad things about him. He said, of course not. I said, well, I think you stink. And he gave me a technical. You can't trust em.;Jim Valvano;trust
It's good to trust others but, not to do so is much better.;Benito Mussolini;trust
Call it loyalty, call it what you want, but I suppose I've got people up here who I'm really tight with, we've made a lot of great bonds over the last few years and I've got people in my corner I can trust.;Jonathan Brown;trust
Ah! yes, I know: those who see me rarely trust my word: I must look too intelligent to keep it.;Jean-Paul Sartre;trust
He that takes truth for his guide, and duty for his end, may safely trust to God's providence to lead him aright.;Blaise Pascal;trust
Nobody expects to trust his body overmuch after the age of fifty.;Alexander Hamilton;trust
I don't trust liberals, I trust conservatives.;Lucius Annaeus Seneca;trust
Love shouldn't be about jealousy or anything like that. It should be about commitment and being able to trust that person. If you can't have that from the get-go, there's a problem.;Aaron Carter;trust
I trust no one, not even myself.;Joseph Stalin;trust
I like women, but you can't always trust them. Some of them are big liars, like this one woman I met who had a dog. I asked her her dog's name and then I asked, 'Does he bite?' and she said, 'No.' And I said, 'So how does he eat?' Liar!;Demetri Martin;trust
What we talked about will have to remain a secret between him and me. I spoke to him as a brother whom I have pardoned and who has my complete trust.;Pope John Paul II;trust
Never trust anything that can think for itself if you can't see where it keeps its brain.;J. K. Rowling;trust
There is only one thing for us to do, and that is to do our level best right where we are every day of our lives To use our best judgment, and then to trust the rest to that Power which holds the forces of the universe in his hands.;Orison Swett Marden;trust
Trust and belief are two prime considerations. You must not allow yourself to be opinionated.;James Dean;trust
Trust that little voice in your head that says 'Wouldn't it be interesting if...' And then do it.;Duane Michals;trust
Trust has to be earned, and should come only after the passage of time.;Arthur Ashe;trust
Confidence is that feeling by which the mind embarks in great and honorable courses with a sure hope and trust in itself.;Marcus Tullius Cicero;trust
You don't repair that relationship by sitting down and talking about trust or making promises. Actually, what rebuilds it is living it and doing things differently - and I think that is what is going to make the difference.;Patricia Hewitt;trust
Woe to the man whose heart has not learned while young to hope, to love - and to put its trust in life.;Joseph Conrad;trust
Authenticity is the alignment of head, mouth, heart, and feet - thinking, saying, feeling, and doing the same thing - consistently. This builds trust, and followers love leaders they can trust.;Lance Secretan;trust
Even in the common affairs of life, in love, friendship, and marriage, how little security have we when we trust our happiness in the hands of others!;William Hazlitt;trust
I get along with guys most of my friends are guys. It's easier to trust men sometimes. I only have a few close girlfriends that I trust.;Paris Hilton;trust
Suppliers and especially manufacturers have market power because they have information about a product or a service that the customer does not and cannot have, and does not need if he can trust the brand. This explains the profitability of brands.;Peter Drucker;trust
Faith is a state of openness or trust.;Alan Watts;trust
People come into your life and people leave it... you just have to trust that life has a road mapped out for you.;Orlando Bloom;trust
So near is falsehood to truth that a wise man would do well not to trust himself on the narrow edge.;Marcus Tullius Cicero;trust
Never trust a computer you can't throw out a window.;Steve Wozniak;trust
The fact is, with every friendship you make, and every bond of trust you establish, you are shaping the image of America projected to the rest of the world. That is so important. So when you study abroad, you're actually helping to make America stronger.;Michelle Obama;trust
Beware of anyone who says they know. Trust me, they don't, or they wouldn't have to say they did.;Harvey Fierstein;trust
Trust dies but mistrust blossoms.;Sophocles;trust
A garden is a grand teacher. It teaches patience and careful watchfulness it teaches industry and thrift above all it teaches entire trust.;Gertrude Jekyll;trust
You must trust and believe in people or life becomes impossible.;Anton Chekhov;trust
Trust not yourself, but your defects to know, make use of every friend and every foe.;Alexander Pope;trust
We're never so vulnerable than when we trust someone - but paradoxically, if we cannot trust, neither can we find love or joy.;Walter Anderson;trust
He who receives money in trust to administer for the benefit of its owner, and uses it either for his own interest or against the wishes of its rightful owner, is a thief.;Jose Marti;trust
Those who trust to chance must abide by the results of chance.;Calvin Coolidge;trust
I wouldn't trust Nixon from here to that phone.;Barry Goldwater;trust
Seize the day, and put the least possible trust in tomorrow.;Horace;trust
Surplus wealth is a sacred trust which its possessor is bound to administer in his lifetime for the good of the community.;Andrew Carnegie;trust
Only trust thyself, and another shall not betray thee.;William Penn;trust
The key is to get to know people and trust them to be who they are. Instead, we trust people to be who we want them to be - and when they're not, we cry.;David Duchovny;trust
It's hard knowing who to trust with your personal life. When you cry in your room at night, you don't always know who to call. So I am very close to my family.;Lady Gaga;trust
The true and solid peace of nations consists not in equality of arms, but in mutual trust alone.;Pope John XXIII;trust
To restore the trust of the people, we must reform the way the government operates.;Arnold Schwarzenegger;trust
I feel good because I believe I have made progress in rebuilding the people's trust in their government.;Arnold Schwarzenegger;trust
It's a very brave thing to fall in love. You have to be willing to trust somebody else with your whole being, and that's very difficult, really difficult and very brave.;Nicole Kidman;trust
Do not trust all men, but trust men of worth the former course is silly, the latter a mark of prudence.;Democritus;trust
Who can I trust? You have to invest in somebody and chances are you're probably going to invest in somebody who's going to deceive you. I've been conned a couple of times, but now I'm a little more savvy.;Maggie Gyllenhaal;trust
The future which we hold in trust for our own children will be shaped by our fairness to other people's children.;Marian Wright Edelman;trust
I learned you can't trust the judgment of good friends.;Carl Sandburg;trust
Spirituality does two things for you. One, you are forced to become more selfless, two, you trust to providence. The opposite of a spiritual man is a materialist. If I was a materialist I would be making lots of money doing endorsements, doing cricket commentary. I have no interest in that.;Imran Khan;trust
And I'm afraid, in this day and age, trust, which I count so, you know, I love loyalty. I love trust.;Elton John;trust
We are all selfish and I no more trust myself than others with a good motive.;Lord Byron;trust
Keep the faith, don't lose your perseverance and always trust your gut extinct.;Paula Abdul;trust
The moment someone chooses to trust in Jesus Christ, his sins are wiped away, and he is adopted into God's family. That individual is set apart as a child of God, with a sacred purpose.;Charles Stanley;trust
When you're surrounded by all these people, it can be even lonelier than when you're by yourself. You can be in a huge crowd, but if you don't feel like you can trust anybody or talk to anybody, you feel like you're really alone.;Fiona Apple;trust
Liberalism is trust of the people tempered by prudence. Conservatism is distrust of the people tempered by fear.;William E. Gladstone;trust
A poet ought not to pick nature's pocket. Let him borrow, and so borrow as to repay by the very act of borrowing. Examine nature accurately, but write from recollection, and trust more to the imagination than the memory.;Samuel Taylor Coleridge;trust
The momentum of freedom in our world is unmistakable - and it is not carried forward by our power alone. We can trust in that greater power Who guides the unfolding of the years. And in all that is to come, we can know that His purposes are just and true.;George W. Bush;trust
Will some reporter, or some Republican on the Sunday shows, please ask why tax cuts raid the non-existent Social Security Trust Fund but all the Democrats' new spending doesn't? Will someone please ask that?;Rush Limbaugh;trust
Whatever happens in life is fine - just trust in that.;Orlando Bloom;trust
Do not trust the cheering, for those persons would shout as much if you or I were going to be hanged.;Oliver Cromwell;trust
Where large sums of money are concerned, it is advisable to trust nobody.;Agatha Christie;trust
Basically, there are two paths you can walk: faith or fear. It's impossible to simultaneously trust God and not trust God.;Charles Stanley;trust
Never trust a man, who when left alone with a tea cosey... Doesn't try it on.;Billy Connolly;trust
I've only ever trusted my gut on everything. I don't trust my head, I don't trust my heart, I trust my gut.;Bryan Adams;trust
In every tyrant's heart there springs in the end this poison, that he cannot trust a friend.;Aeschylus;trust
When you take a stand out of deep conviction, people know. They may not even agree, but they ask, 'Do I want someone who is willing to take a hard stand and someone I can trust to do that when the chips are down?' They want that.;Barbara Boxer;trust
Jesus teaches us to forgive and I've got to trust him on that one.;Billy Corgan;trust
Therefore trust to thy heart, and to what the world calls illusions.;Henry Wadsworth Longfellow;trust
Trust one who has tried.;Virgil;trust
People make suggestions on what to say all the time. I'll give you an example I don't read what's handed to me. People say, 'Here, here's your speech, or here's an idea for a speech.' They're changed. Trust me.;George W. Bush;trust
Sometimes you don't know who you can and cannot trust. I still learn that over and over again.;Demi Lovato;trust
Life is a gift, given in trust - like a child.;Anne Morrow Lindbergh;trust
I know it when I don't know it. Sometimes I know it when I don't think I know it. I need to trust myself in these moments, these rare moments of self-doubt.;Rush Limbaugh;trust
All of my favorite people - people I really trust - none of them were cool in their younger years.;Taylor Swift;trust
I trust Winsor and Newton and I paint directly upon it.;Edward Hopper;trust
Put not your trust in money, but put your money in trust.;Oliver Wendell Holmes;trust
I think there are certain folks in Missouri that don't trust government. And they haven't trusted government for a long time.;Claire McCaskill;trust
Honor bespeaks worth. Confidence begets trust. Service brings satisfaction. Cooperation proves the quality of leadership.;James Cash Penney;trust
I was no chief and never had been, but because I had been more deeply wronged than others, this honor was conferred upon me, and I resolved to prove worthy of the trust.;Geronimo;trust
The only kind of seafood I trust is the fish stick, a totally featureless fish that doesn't have eyeballs or fins.;Dave Barry;trust
The best thing I've learned is, if you're going out, never go out alone - you leave yourself vulnerable. If you've got someone else there you trust, they can say, be wary of that person. I probably used to be too trusting of people.;Daniel Radcliffe;trust
The toughest thing about the power of trust is that it's very difficult to build and very easy to destroy. The essence of trust building is to emphasize the similarities between you and the customer.;Thomas J. Watson;trust
Old wood best to burn, old wine to drink, old friends to trust, and old authors to read.;Athenaeus;trust
Never trust the artist. Trust the tale. The proper function of the critic is to save the tale from the artist who created it.;David Herbert Lawrence;trust
I love that we can trust Barack to do what he says he's going to do, even when it's hard - especially when it's hard.;Michelle Obama;trust
Trust is not the same as faith. A friend is someone you trust. Putting faith in anyone is a mistake.;Christopher Hitchens;trust
On receiving from the people the sacred trust twice confided on my illustrious predecessor, and which he has discharged so faithfully and so well, I know that I can not expect to perform the arduous task with equal ability and success.;Martin Van Buren;trust
People in north Michigan are not different at all from people in southern Alabama. Trust me, someone who's spent a lot of time in both places. They're all hardworking, simple people.;Kid Rock;trust
I wish people would realize that animals are totally dependent on us, helpless, like children, a trust that is put upon us.;James Herriot;trust
I don't trust doctors. It's not to say there ain't some good ones, but on a general level, no, I wouldn't trust 'em at all.;Keith Richards;trust
For somehow this disease inheres in tyranny, never to trust one's friends.;Aeschylus;trust
My message to anyone who's afraid that they can't write music when they're happy is 'Just trust the passion.' The passion can write a lot of things.;Alanis Morissette;trust
The people of Wisconsin have been good to me. I've tried to live up to their trust. And now I ask those hardworking men and women, and millions like them across America, to join our cause and get this country working again. When Governor Romney asked me to join the ticket, I said, 'Let's get this done' - and that is exactly, what we're going to do.;Paul Ryan;trust
Trust is built with consistency.;Lincoln Chafee;trust
For this equilibrium now in sight, let us trust that mankind, as it has occurred in the greatest periods of its past, will find for itself a new code of ethics, common to all, made of tolerance, of courage, and of faith in the Spirit of men.;Albert Claude;trust
Quakers almost as good as colored. They call themselves friends and you can trust them every time.;Harriet Tubman;trust
As you enter positions of trust and power, dream a little before you think.;Toni Morrison;trust
Our national motto is 'In God we Trust,' reminding us that faith in our Creator is the most important American value of all.;Marco Rubio;trust
Whether you're throwing up or breaking up, you want your girlfriend right there! I don't trust women who don't go to their girlfriends.;Drew Barrymore;trust
They say I'm the Hottest MC in the Game. If you label me that, I will live up to it. Trust me.;Lil Wayne;trust
If you don't trust the pilot, don't go.;Denzel Washington;trust
I have made it a rule of my life to trust a man long after other people gave him up, but I don't see how I can ever trust any human being again.;Ulysses S. Grant;trust
They are the only people in the world who I can truly trust and rely on. Touring gets really lonely. I guess I have friends around me but when you're paying them can they ever really be true friends?;Kelly Osbourne;trust
To some extent I happily don't know what I'm doing. I feel that it's an artist's responsibility to trust that.;David Byrne;trust
Never trust the advice of a man in difficulties.;Aesop;trust
Raising five boys is a handful, trust me.;Barbara Bush;trust
It is essential to employ, trust, and reward those whose perspective, ability, and judgment are radically different from yours. It is also rare, for it requires uncommon humility, tolerance, and wisdom.;Dee Hock;trust
It can be hard in this business, especially when you're very young, to figure out who you can and can't trust.;Christina Aguilera;trust
Thankfully, I have my mom and a small group of close friends who are there for me 24/7 and whom I can trust and depend on.;Christina Aguilera;trust
I will have to earn trust and respect from my kids.;Tiger Woods;trust
Let's stop big government energy mandates like cap-and-trade, and instead trust the American innovator to make us energy independent.;Marco Rubio;trust
While day by day the overzealous student stores up facts for future use, he who has learned to trust nature finds need for ever fewer external directions. He will discard formula after formula, until he reaches the conclusion: Let nature take its course.;Larry Bird;trust
You can't trust politicians. It doesn't matter who makes a political speech. It's all lies - and it applies to any rock star who wants to make a political speech as well.;Bob Geldof;trust
I do not trust those who make the vaccines, or the apparatus behind it all to push it on us through fear.;Billy Corgan;trust
All the blessings we enjoy are Divine deposits, committed to our trust on this condition, that they should be dispensed for the benefit of our neighbors.;John Calvin;trust
I don't think you can question your instinct you should always trust it.;Andrea Arnold;trust
I don't trust what this life has given me.;Dennis Rodman;trust
Put your trust in God but be sure to keep your powder dry.;Oliver Cromwell;trust
I read the NY Times but I don't trust all of it.;David Byrne;trust
There is trust in there being a Spirit who loves me and wants me to have love in my life. I trust in this higher power, it is what keeps me moving forward no matter what happens.;Kenny Loggins;trust
Any institution faces two basic choices if they hope to spark new ideas. One is to leverage the brains trust within their organization by creating a special event dedicated to new thinking. The other is to look outside themselves to stimulate solutions.;Simon Mainwaring;trust
Non-disclosure in the Internet Age is quickly perceived as a breach of trust. Government, corporations and each of us as individuals must recalibrate how we live and share our lives appropriate to the information now available and the expectations of others.;Simon Mainwaring;trust
I always have issues with trust.;Vin Diesel;trust
Responsibilities are given to him on whom trust rests. Responsibility is always a sign of trust.;James Cash Penney;trust
It doesn't make any sense... that's why I trust it!;Kate Winslet;trust
He who wants to persuade should put his trust not in the right argument, but in the right word. The power of sound has always been greater than the power of sense.;Joseph Conrad;trust
Don't expect anyone else to support you. Maybe you'll have a trust fund. Maybe you'll have a wealthy spouse. But you never know when either of them might run out.;Mary Schmich;trust
Government is a trust, and the officers of the government are trustees. And both the trust and the trustees are created for the benefit of the people.;Henry Clay;trust
You'd think experienced political professionals would know better than to place their trust in exit polls, notoriously inaccurate surveys that had John Kerry winning the 2004 election by five points when he actually lost by three.;John Podhoretz;trust
With fame, you can't trust everybody. You can't depend on them being there for you as a person. They will only be there because of what you've got you as a person. They will only be there because of what you've got and what you can bring to their life. It's not a relationship-it's a leech.;Chris Brown;trust
If people believe you're on their side, they will trust your decisions.;Dee Dee Myers;trust
Acting is also working with people who invite you into their dreams and trust you with their innermost being.;Catherine Deneuve;trust
I never trust an executive who tends to pass the buck. Nor would I want to deal with him as a customer or a supplier.;James Cash Penney;trust
The vote is a trust more delicate than any other, for it involves not just the interests of the voter, but his life, honor and future as well.;Jose Marti;trust
And we can celebrate when we have a government that has earned back the trust of the people it serves... when we have a government that honors our Constitution and stands up for the values that have made America, America: economic freedom, individual liberty, and personal responsibility.;John Boehner;trust
Up against the corporate government, voters find themselves asked to choose between look-alike candidates from two parties vying to see who takes the marching orders from their campaign paymasters and their future employers. The money of vested interest nullifies genuine voter choice and trust.;Ralph Nader;trust
Trust is the first step to love.;Munshi Premchand;trust
Ideas are only lethal if you suppress and don't discuss them. Ignorance is not bliss, it's stupid. Banning books shows you don't trust your kids to think and you don't trust yourself to be able to talk to them.;Anna Quindlen;trust
Trust funds can never be a substitute for a fund of trust.;Edwin Louis Cole;trust
Every single Pixar film, at one time or another, has been the worst movie ever put on film. But we know. We trust our process. We don't get scared and say, 'Oh, no, this film isn't working.';John Lasseter;trust
To get a child's trust - you may know or not - is a very hard thing to do. They're so used to not believing adults - because adults tell tales and lies all the time.;Maurice Sendak;trust
Everyone realizes that one can believe little of what people say about each other. But it is not so widely realized that even less can one trust what people say about themselves.;Rebecca West;trust
The only way to make a man trustworthy is to trust him.;Henry L. Stimson;trust
The press is the hired agent of a monied system, and set up for no other purpose than to tell lies where their interests are involved. One can trust nobody and nothing.;Henry Adams;trust
My wife, a schoolteacher, very disciplined. If you think I'm tough, trust me, and wait till you see when the children are on the naughty step. It's hilarious. So we decided that I'm going to work like a donkey and provide amazing support for the family.;Gordon Ramsay;trust
When a citizen gives his suffrage to a man of known immorality he abuses his trust he sacrifices not only his own interest, but that of his neighbor he betrays the interest of his country.;Noah Webster;trust
I also don't trust Caribou anymore. They're out there, on the tundra, waiting... Something's going down. I'm right about this.;Joss Whedon;trust
Fundamentalists are panicked by the apparent disintegration of the family, the disappearance of certainty and the decay of morality. Fear leads them to ask, if we cannot trust the Bible, what can we trust?;Garrett Hardin;trust
It is impossible to go through life without trust: that is to be imprisoned in the worst cell of all, oneself.;Graham Greene;trust
Today I trust my instinct, I trust myself. Finally.;Isabelle Adjani;trust
I don't have any romantic ideas about marriage. Trust me. A white dress... ? No. It's not something for me.;Diane Kruger;trust
Interior design is a business of trust.;Venus Williams;trust
I don't trust a lot of journalists.;Calvin Klein;trust
If we put our trust in the common sense of common men and 'with malice toward none and charity for all' go forward on the great adventure of making political, economic and social democracy a practical reality, we shall not fail.;Henry A. Wallace;trust
There is so much temptation to hold on to my career even more now. To try to micromanage and dictate every little aspect. But that's not how I want to do things anymore. I'm thinking about how can I trust God more. How can I surrender more? How can I bring him more glory? It's a fight. But it's one I'm going to keep fighting.;Jeremy Lin;trust
As for courage and will - we cannot measure how much of each lies within us, we can only trust there will be sufficient to carry through trials which may lie ahead.;Andre Norton;trust
When trust improves, the mood improves.;Fernando Flores;trust
Every time I make American film I just trust American directors and American writers.;Jackie Chan;trust
Republicans would have preferred the court overturn the health care bill, an act that would have underscored Obama's biggest liability - the perception among voters, including those who like and trust him, that he has been ineffective.;Ron Fournier;trust
In many ways, it was much, much harder to get the first book contract. The hardest thing probably overall has been learning not to trust people, publicists and so forth, implicitly.;Neil Gaiman;trust
Being on your own would be sad, sick and weird. I don't trust myself. I need that balance.;Daniel Craig;trust
Newspapers with declining circulations can complain all they want about their readers and even say they have no taste. But you will still go out of business over time. A newspaper is not a public trust - it has a business model that either works or it doesn't.;Marc Andreessen;trust
In finding love, I think it's important to be patient. In being in a relationship, I think it's important to be honest, to communicate, to respect and trust, and to strive to give more than you take.;Kina Grannis;trust
Every two years the American politics industry fills the airwaves with the most virulent, scurrilous, wall-to-wall character assassination of nearly every political practitioner in the country - and then declares itself puzzled that America has lost trust in its politicians.;Charles Krauthammer;trust
While eschewing emotion - and its companion, vulnerability - Obama should be careful not to sacrifice empathy, the 'I feel your pain' connection that sustained Clinton. This connection is the shorthand people use to measure their leaders' intentions. If people believe you're on their side, they will trust your decisions.;Dee Dee Myers;trust
Creativity comes from trust. Trust your instincts. And never hope more than you work.;Rita Mae Brown;trust
I trust the people.;William Hague;trust
When the Lord Chancellor violates the trust of his great office of state to solicit party donations from people whose careers he can control, and then says I'm not sorry, and I'd do it again no wonder the public think that power has gone to their heads.;William Hague;trust
I don't like Bush. I don't trust him. I don't like his record. He's stupid. He's lazy.;Cher;trust
I'm very wary of trust, you see.;Kristin Scott Thomas;trust
I've considered having my nose fixed. But I didn't trust anyone enough. If I could do it myself with a mirror.;Barbra Streisand;trust
I force people to have coffee with me, just because I don't trust that a friendship can be maintained without any other senses besides a computer or cellphone screen.;John Cusack;trust
Sometimes a psychic tells you something and it feels wrong and others may be right on the money. It's your choice about whom to trust, and giving that trust is something we do ourselves.;Martha Beck;trust
Denial exists because human infants, though equipped with trust-o-meters, are built to trust, blindly and absolutely, any older person who wanders past.;Martha Beck;trust
Trust is the lubrication that makes it possible for organizations to work.;Warren G. Bennis;trust
I'm a comedian, for God's sake. Viewers shouldn't trust me. And you know what? They're hip enough to know they shouldn't trust me. I'm just doing stand-up comedy.;Dennis Miller;trust
Not everyone can be trusted. I think we all have to be very selective about the people we trust.;Shelley Long;trust
The trust of the people in the leaders reflects the confidence of the leaders in the people.;Paulo Freire;trust
Be willing to trust your instincts, especially if you cannot find answers elsewhere.;Brian Koslow;trust
I'm a scientist, not a theologian. I don't know if there is a God or not. Religion requires certainty. Revere and respect Gaia. Have trust in Gaia. But not faith.;James Lovelock;trust
It is important not to trust people too much.;V. S. Naipaul;trust
I trust in nature for the stable laws of beauty and utility. Spring shall plant and autumn garner to the end of time.;Robert Browning;trust
Never trust any complicated cocktail that remainds perfectly clear until the last ingredient goes in, and then immediately clouds.;Terry Prachett;trust
To seek understanding before taking action, yet to trust my instincts when action is called for. Never to avoid danger from fear, never to seek out danger for its own sake. Never to conform to fashion from fear of eccentricity, never to be eccentric from fear of conformity.;Steven Brust;trust
For me, I'm not a jealous person. That's just not my thing. You have to have trust in your relationship.;Fergie;trust
O my brethren, my heart is enlarge towards you. I trust I feel something of that hidden, but powerful presence of Christ, whilst I am preaching to you.;George Whitefield;trust
I have in sincerity pledged myself to your service, as so many of you are pledged to mine. Throughout all my life and with all my heart I shall strive to be worthy of your trust.;Queen Elizabeth II;trust
From those to whom much is given, much is expected. I have been given much - the love of my family, the faith and trust of the people of New York, and the chance to lead this state. I am deeply sorry that I did not live up to what was expected of me.;Eliot Spitzer;trust
I have often said one of the reasons more blacks don't support Republicans is because they don't trust the GOP establishment.;J. C. Watts;trust
Frankly, I don't trust any diet that doesn't allow sugar.;Bethenny Frankel;trust
When a man has no reason to trust himself, he trusts in luck.;E. W. Howe;trust
I trust myself. You need that to survive.;Yoko Ono;trust
I buy about $1,500 worth of papers every month. Not that I trust them. I'm looking for the crack in the fabric.;Dick Gregory;trust
Is there any wonder why we are in such big trouble? Any question why the people don't trust their government anymore, and demand a change?;Chris Christie;trust
I think women have an innate ability to be intuitive with people that they truly love, but they have to trust that inner voice, and I think it is there. I think we are more intuitive than men.;Andie MacDowell;trust
In your hands or that of any other person, so much power would, no doubt, be dangerous. I am the only man in the world whom it would be safe to trust with it. Remember, I am a prophet!;Joseph Smith, Jr.;trust
In America few people will trust you unless you are irreverent.;Norman Mailer;trust
In an ecology of love, people can relate in trust and face the future without fear. They do not need to play it safe. They can take uncertainty in their stride.;Jonathan Sacks;trust
We believe that what we possess we don't ultimately own. God is merely entrusting it to us. And one of the conditions of that trust is that we share what we have with those who have less. So, if you don't give to people in need, you can hardly call yourself a Jew. Even the most unbelieving Jew knows that.;Jonathan Sacks;trust
I think a good friend, to me, is all about trust and loyalty. You don't ever want to second-guess whether you can tell your friend something.;Lauren Conrad;trust
I'm glad about what's happening to the music business. This last crop of people we had in the 90s, who are going away now, they didn't like music. They didn't trust musicians. They wanted something else from it.;James Taylor;trust
A lot of film directors are quite scared of actors. They are a bit of a nightmare sometimes, but I like them. It looks like cunning, but you try to get extra things from them all the time, by stealth, by making them feel confident, so they trust you and you can push a bit.;Danny Boyle;trust
The cyberspace earnings I get from Linux come in the format of having a Network of people that know me and trust me, and that I can depend on in return.;Linus Torvalds;trust
I have three goddaughters - I'm not sure why they trust me, because I have no experience with children - but I try.;Diane Kruger;trust
Young people these days don't trust anything at all. They want to be free.;Haruki Murakami;trust
Never comment on a woman's rear end. Never use the words 'large' or 'size' with 'rear end.' Never. Avoid the area altogether. Trust me.;Tim Allen;trust
I think there is a break down of trust generally, between people and politicians. I think that's come about for a whole variety of reasons.;Theresa May;trust
I don't always trust my own instincts. It would be nice if someone else would tell me what I should do with my life!;Liz Phair;trust
Ninety percent of the students take the 'preferred lender.' Why? Because that's the nature of the relationship. You trust the school. The school is in a position of authority.;Andrew Cuomo;trust
I think a film set is a quite controlled environment and you feel like you can trust them and it is going to be a safe place to work, but I really don't think about it.;Orlando Bloom;trust
I'm a dirt person. I trust the dirt. I don't trust diamonds and gold.;Eartha Kitt;trust
When you're CEO, you have to have two conditions: first, shareholders need to trust you and want you to head your company. The second is that you need to feel the motivation to do the job. So, as long as both are reunited, you continue to do the job.;Carlos Ghosn;trust
When you're C.E.O., you have to have two conditions: first, shareholders need to trust you and want you to head your company. The second is that you need to feel the motivation to do the job. So, as long as both are reunited, you continue to do the job. And today, they are reunited.;Carlos Ghosn;trust
I never told a victim story about my imprisonment. Instead, I told a transformation story - about how prison changed my outlook, about how I saw that communication, truth, and trust are at the heart of power.;Fernando Flores;trust
You have to trust your kids. They have to experience life, and you just hope you've provided them a foundation for what's right and what isn't.;Jack Nicklaus;trust
I don't listen to people's opinions. I have people around me who I can trust, but most of all I listen to myself.;Mary J. Blige;trust
The maid that loves goes out to sea upon a shattered plank, and puts her trust in miracles for safety.;Edward Young;trust
Now, I learned soon enough, that among the three, two don't trust the third one - the third one is the government. Both industry and unions feel the government is a talking organization and a spending organization.;Shimon Peres;trust
I could I trust starve like a gentleman. It's listed as part of the poetic training, you know.;Ezra Pound;trust
If you have three people in your life that you can trust, you can consider yourself the luckiest person in the whole world.;Selena Gomez;trust
You cannot do everything at once, so find people you trust to help you. And don't be afraid to say no.;Jane Seymour;trust
We need, in effect, to make the phantom 'lock-boxes' around the trust fund real.;Alan Greenspan;trust
Well, you can't trust most people in this game, period it can be a very shady business.;Marvin Hagler;trust
If you don't trust someone to look after your investments, then they shouldn't be doing the job for you.;Murray Walker;trust
France, after the month of May, will share trust with the current leadership of the United States which, on many subjects, has tended to take useful positions in our view.;Francois Hollande;trust
I just can't say enough about the actors having faith and trust in the writers and the writers having faith and trust in the actors.;Kyle Chandler;trust
Trust your gut.;Sara Blakely;trust
My wife and I have built trust with our children and have always had open communication.;Rick Springfield;trust
There are only two sorts of people in life you can trust - good Christians and good Communists.;Joe Slovo;trust
In a multi-racial society, trust, understanding and tolerance are the cornerstones of peace and order.;Kamisese Mara;trust
You may be right that people say: 'You know what, we had Obama. He was inexperienced. The guy had great rhetoric, sounded good, looked good, but has turned out to be an utter disaster. I want someone where I have confidence and credibility that they're up to the job and that I can trust what they tell me.';Karl Rove;trust
Part of filmmaking is always a guessing game, and part of it is always a game of trust.;Greg Kinnear;trust
When you lie down with a short prayer, commit yourself into the hands of your Creator and when you have done so, trust Him with yourself, as you must do when you are dying.;Jeremy Taylor;trust
The Teenage Cancer Trust does incredible work supporting and caring for teenagers and young adults with cancer, and it's a cause that is really close to me and my family.;Florence Welch;trust
In properly organized groups no faith is required what is required is simply a little trust and even that only for a little while, for the sooner a man begins to verify all he hears the better it is for him.;G. I. Gurdjieff;trust
Something goes wrong, I yell at them -'Fix it'- whether it's their fault or not. You can only really yell at the players you trust.;Bill Parcells;trust
So if the players trust the coach, it's not a problem. If the players don't trust the coach, it is a problem, and vice versa.;Bill Parcells;trust
I trust every single person around me, and if I feel even a whiff of uncertainty I won't have that person around me.;Leona Lewis;trust
People shouldn't trust artists and they shouldn't trust art. Part of the fun of art is that it invites you to interpret it.;Tony Kushner;trust
House and Senate Republicans are now united in adopting earmark bans. We hope President Obama will follow through on his support for an earmark ban by pressing Democratic leaders to join House and Senate Republicans in taking this critical step to restore public trust.;John Boehner;trust
Today we often think that before we start living a religious life we have first to accept the creedal doctrines and that before one can have any comprehension of the loyalty and trust of faith, one must first force one's mind to accept a host of incomprehensible doctrines. But this is to put the cart before the horse.;Karen Armstrong;trust
I wouldn't trust any man as far as you can throw a piano.;Ethel Merman;trust
I don't trust or love anyone. Because people are so creepy. Creepy creepy creeps. Creeping around. Creeping here and creeping there. Creeping everywhere.;Vincent Gallo;trust
I've learned to trust myself, to listen to truth, to not be afraid of it and to not try and hide it.;Sarah McLachlan;trust
You're younger, you might want to go to clubs and kick it, but as you get older, you start seeing that life has more meaning to it. The people that you love are the people you want to start trusting and start wanting them to trust you and start respecting them.;R. Kelly;trust
My book 'Trust Your Heart', which is the story of my life, will be followed by 'Singing Lessons', a memoir of love, loss, hope, and healing, which talks about the death of my son and the hope that has been the aftermath of the healing from that tragedy.;Judy Collins;trust
Trust in yourself.;Claudia Black;trust
Trust me, sunscreen is so, so, so important and so I always wear sunscreen, but I still get really tan.;Lea Michele;trust
I said tonight I wanted to talk to you about love. Look into your hearts. This is our country. This is our future. These are our children and grandchildren. You can trust Mitt.;Ann Romney;trust
Trust me that as I ignore all law to help the slave, so will I ignore it all to protect an enslaved woman.;Susan B. Anthony;trust
What has any poet to trust more than the feel of the thing? Theory concerns him only until he picks up his pen, and it begins to concern him again as soon as he lays it down.;John Ciardi;trust
You can't trust actors.;Emma Roberts;trust
I never ask boys' opinions on clothes, ever. I really think, unless you think the guy has style, don't ask. So I only ask my girl friends. I don't trust guys' opinions on style!;Emma Roberts;trust
Trust me, I have never written a speech in my life, and if I have my way, I never will.;Curt Schilling;trust
I came all this way for a reason. Today is the day of salvation. Trust Jesus to save you. Then be sincere as God knows a pretender.;Kirk Cameron;trust
I guess as long as people think of me for different ages, I'll trust their opinion. I remember noticing one year that Michelle Monaghan played 34 and 19, so I've kind of clung to that as my justification that I can be Jake Gyllenhaal's wife and a freshman in college in the same year.;Anna Kendrick;trust
As an alcoholic, you have no appreciation for your wife or your children's feelings, but I'm making up for that now. I'm winning my children's trust back.;Maurice Gibb;trust
Don't trust the heart, it wants your blood.;Stanislaw Lec;trust
I love actors, both my parents were actors, and the work with actors is the most enjoyable part of making a film. It's important that they feel protected and are confident they won't be betrayed. When you create that atmosphere of trust, it's in the bag - the actors will do everything to satisfy you.;Michael Haneke;trust
Not everyone is lucky enough to be given space and trust.;Vanessa Paradis;trust
The greatest way for people to experience a comedy is to go in not knowing anything about it. But because of marketing, it's impossible. Marketing meaning that in order to get people to come you can't just go, 'Hey, there's a great movie - we're not going to show you anything from it but trust us!';Paul Feig;trust
Because I'm always away, coming home to a clean house means a lot to me. Trust me, I've lived with a lot of roommates, and straight guys are just kids who don't pick up after themselves.;Kellan Lutz;trust
Find people who think like you and stick with them. Make only music you are passionate about. Work only with people you like and trust. Don't sign anything.;Steve Albini;trust
Love and trust and justice, concern for the poor, that's being pushed to the margins, and you can see it.;Cornel West;trust
It's just an unhealthy way to approach something, trying to outdo your last thing. You've gotta trust evolution, you've gotta trust that the bar is moving, that you don't need to force the bar. It'll just happen.;Johnny Knoxville;trust
Put more trust in nobility of character than in an oath.;Solon;trust
This book is about physics and its about physics and its relationship with mathematics and how they seem to be intimately related and to what extent can you explore this relationship and trust it.;Roger Penrose;trust
I have such trust complexes. I'm close to, like, two people.;Taylor Momsen;trust
You desire that which exceeds my humble powers, but I trust in the compassion and mercy of the All-powerful God.;Saint Stephen;trust
I feel I do my best work when it's all there on the page, and I feel that the character is very vivid as I read the script and I'm not having to create stuff and trying to cobble together something. If I have to do that, then I don't entirely trust what I'm doing.;Guy Pearce;trust
I tend not to trust people who live in very tidy houses. I know that on the surface there is nothing wrong with a person being well-ordered and disciplined. Nothing, except that it leaves the impression of that person having lived in the confines of a stark institution which, although he or she has long since left, remains within.;Jack Dee;trust
There's a beauty in being part of a band, when there's equality and trust.;Scott Weiland;trust
I understand the damage the expenses crisis has done to Parliament, and the paramount importance of restoring trust in our politics.;George Osborne;trust
No matter how old we become, we can still call them 'Holy Mother' and 'Father' and put a child-like trust in them.;Desmond Morris;trust
You just kind of have faith. If that sounds kind of mystical, it's because I really don't know how it works, but I trust that it does. I try to write the way I read, in order to find out what happens next.;Richard Russo;trust
For me it's always about first impressions. I trust my instincts. I love to prepare if it's something that requires training. But I don't like to prepare the psychology too much. I enjoy the psychology of the character but I work better from a first impression.;Billy Zane;trust
I was in television drama, which is a first cousin to the movies, and I trust myself to make the right decisions.;Lee Child;trust
God does not require you to follow His leadings on blind trust. Behold the evidence of an invisible intelligence pervading everything, even your own mind and body.;Raymond Holliwell;trust
If the players don't trust the coach, it is a problem, and vice versa.;Bill Parcells;trust
Being a teen can be tough. Just try to surround yourself with really good friends that really have your back, and also be a really good friend to those who really care about you. If you're not sure about certain things, talk to your friends that you trust and your family.;Victoria Justice;trust
My dad was a ham, too. He could sell those women anything. Of all his sons, I was the only one he could trust to sell as well as he could. I was proud of that.;Paul Lynde;trust
Do not trust people. They are capable of greatness.;Stanislaw Lem;trust
We've not had one Republican president in 34 years balance the budget. You can't trust right-wing Republicans with your money. You ought to hire somebody who has balanced a budget. I'm much more conservative with money than George Bush is.;Howard Dean;trust
Not one Republican president has balanced the budget in 34 years. You can not trust Republicans with your money.;Howard Dean;trust
Don't trust anyone who has been in school for the past 24 consecutive years.;Craig Bruce;trust
And basically, the sense of the 'Pledge to America' is this: Republicans understand when we were in charge, we got fired in '06. We spent too much money. We defied the trust that the people had put in us. And we know that there is a better way.;Eric Cantor;trust
Some of their best songs don't have bridges and choruses. So that made me think I should trust my instincts. My songs were okay, I figured. I didn't need to change anything.;Lucinda Williams;trust
People are rapidly losing hope and trust. They believe their government has been captured by special interests and no longer cares about them, and they are right.;Marcy Kaptur;trust
Every president has to live with the result of what Lyndon Johnson did with Vietnam, when he lost the trust of the American people in the presidency.;Robert Caro;trust
There used to be this feeling under Eisenhower and Kennedy and Roosevelt and Truman that government was a solution. Trust in the presidency fell precipitously under Johnson - real lows. And it's never come back. It's a trend that, if you're liberal, is really discouraging.;Robert Caro;trust
I learned something from that. If someone asks me something that I really don't want to do, I say no. I have to trust that. And I'm not afraid to talk money.;Diana Ross;trust
Trust me, if I were gay I'd be getting more action than I'm getting now.;Ryan Seacrest;trust
If we want to truly regain the public's trust, we can provide greater accountability and transparency with a simple step. Let's start by communicating to our constituents about the votes we take.;Melissa Bean;trust
You know, this is a war of ideology, a war of thoughts and of faith. And we need people to really stand for faith and trust, not hope and change.;Sharron Angle;trust
More and more political analysts and weak-kneed politicians are advising the historically pro-life Republican Party to abandon its pro-life stance for political gain. My first response is that if you cannot trust a party on the value of defending human life, how can you trust it on issues like marginal tax rates?;Gary Bauer;trust
As time goes by, I realize that I do trust the wind. And I often write my songs for myself.;David Friedman;trust
You can't trust code that you did not totally create yourself.;Ken Thompson;trust
Trust him not with your secrets, who, when left alone in your room, turns over your papers.;Johann Kaspar Lavater;trust
Some directors cast you because they trust you to do the performance - but then they forget to direct you.;Samantha Morton;trust
One is that you have to take time, lots of time, to let an idea grow from within. The second is that when you sign on to something, there will be issues of trust, deep trust, the way the members of a string quartet have to trust one another.;Yo-Yo Ma;trust
I don't think it's true that blondes have more fun... Trust me, it is not true!;Mila Kunis;trust
There is something at work that's bigger than us. It's about having a trust in life and being at peace that things are happening the way they should. You do what you do as well as you can do it, and then you don't worry or agonize about the outcome.;Sherilyn Fenn;trust
Trust cannot be commanded and yet it is also correct that the only one who earns trust is the one who is prepared to grant trust.;Gustav Heinemann;trust
The only ones I trust really are my Mum and Dad and those who are closest to me.;Katie Price;trust
The hardest thing is that you can't trust people now. You just can't.;Kevin Pietersen;trust
It's not fun facing a ball going 97 mph, trust me.;Kevin Pietersen;trust
It takes years for me to trust I know that about myself. A lot of it is because I am so private, and so reluctant to make myself vulnerable.;Michelle Pfeiffer;trust
We have to compete in a universe of 200 networks, so we have to carve out our own niche, and to me, that niche is just basic shoe-leather journalism with some good journalists at the helm you can trust as presenters.;Walter Isaacson;trust
It's not my job to try and alter the director's style - he's in charge, and I'll always give him my trust.;Ewan McGregor;trust
Here in the United States, our profession is much maligned, people simply don't trust or like journalists anymore and that's sad.;Christiane Amanpour;trust
The slogan was 'Don't trust anyone over thirty'. Sixty years later the slogan became, 'Don't trust anyone over ninety'.;John McCarthy;trust
When you are a character actor they trust you will go in and give them a full character and leave.;Vincent D'Onofrio;trust
It's time to stop the raid on the Social Security trust fund and start allowing Americans to invest their Social Security taxes in personal savings accounts.;Mike Pence;trust
I wish my parents hadn't made me feel that how I looked was linked to how much they loved me. But I do also see how hard it must be to see your child pile on the pounds and trust they'll find their own way back to a healthy weight.;Arabella Weir;trust
I believe in singularity in relationships because you've got to have trust on both sides.;Thomas Haden Church;trust
The first sentence of every novel should be: Trust me, this will take time but there is order here, very faint, very human. Meander if you want to get to town.;Michael Ondaatje;trust
You can't trust very many people.;George Best;trust
Your every voter, as surely as your chief magistrate, exercises a public trust.;Grover Cleveland;trust
It's interesting, because I tend to trust a man with big ears.;Mo Rocca;trust
I also learned to be more confident, to trust my instincts more.;Lindsey Buckingham;trust
Government is an unnecessary evil. Human beings, when accustomed to taking responsibility for their own behavior, can cooperate on a basis of mutual trust and helpfulness.;Fred Woodworth;trust
When I'm on stage, it's a little world I've created where I'm sort of the thing, so I have total control over everything that happens. When we're improvising, I'm with someone I totally trust. I know things are going to work out. I don't have those guarantees in life. There are no consequences on stage.;Colin Mochrie;trust
And as I've gotten deeper into the process of making films and television and such, I think I have more trust in the fact that you really never know what you're going to find after the twenty-fifth take.;Matthew Fox;trust
We've outsourced our memories to digital devices, and the result is that we no longer trust our memories. We see every small forgotten thing as evidence that they're failing us.;Joshua Foer;trust
Each of us has an inner dream that we can unfold if we will just have the courage to admit what it is. And the faith to trust our own admission. The admitting is often very difficult.;Julia Cameron;trust
When there's writing that you really trust, it's very freeing as an artist.;Matt LeBlanc;trust
The way I look at it, everything is a trade. You acquire some money, so then you've got no financial burdens, but everyone wants your money and so who can you trust? Or you've got no money and you can trust anyone, but then you've got the worry to pay bills. Which is worse?;Matt LeBlanc;trust
Now I can do no more. We must trust to the Great Disposer of all events and the justice of our cause. I thank God for this opportunity of doing my duty.;Horatio Nelson;trust
I look for people who're passionate, dedicated to the text, and in whom I trust completely.;Greta Scacchi;trust
On the stage, you alone hold the key, and on the night you have to trust that the director has inspired you enough to take the material and run with it.;Greta Scacchi;trust
People don't trust private health insurance companies for all the right reasons.;Bernie Sanders;trust
But trust me, if I lived in the '80s, I would definitely be the one going to the record stores.;Julianne Hough;trust
I'm not really much of a shopper. I have to say that I'd definitely prefer good sex. What makes good sex? Oh my god. I think you need to feel free and you have to really trust the other person. And you have to have that strange, mysterious chemical connection.;Kristin Davis;trust
We have been given the trust and goodwill of New Zealanders. I do not take that trust for granted, and I never will.;John Key;trust
Bronagh looks after the kids and without her the family would disintegrate... there are some things you can't discuss with anyone other than your wife. There has to be a strong bond of trust.;John Key;trust
America is a country ready to be taken, in fact, longing to be taken by political leaders ready to restore democracy and trust to the political process.;Arianna Huffington;trust
When you play a concerto with a small orchestra, you don't feel it is as important as Carnegie Hall. You try to work out all the little problems. Once that's all done, trust comes in.;Itzhak Perlman;trust
Evolution is unobservable. It's based on blind faith in a few dry bones and on unreliable dating systems in which the gullible trust. Kids should be allowed to make up their own minds about this issue, and not be censored to 'one side is all we will let you hear.';Ray Comfort;trust
None of us and none of the Arabs trust Israel.;Bashar al-Assad;trust
What you say about this world I do not quite agree with I think it a very good world, and only requires a person to be reasonable in his expectations, and not to trust too much to others.;William John Wills;trust
I trust the time is coming, when the occupation of an instructor to children will be deemed the most honorable of human employment.;Angelina Grimke;trust
I believe the main solution is to gain the trust of Europe and America and to remove their concerns over the peaceful nature of our nuclear industry and to assure them that there will never be a diversion to military use.;Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani;trust
As contagion of sickness makes sickness, contagion of trust can make trust.;Marianne Moore;trust
I had no idea of the size of my bank account as a teen, and I didn't care to know. That was my mom's job, I figured that I would just find out when I turned 18. If you can't trust your mom, then who can you trust?;Anna Chlumsky;trust
Trust me, I play the game for the fans, my family and myself.;David Ortiz;trust
A global democracy works only when countries trust one another.;Armstrong Williams;trust
Liberty, as it is conceived by current opinion, has nothing inherent about it it is a sort of gift or trust bestowed on the individual by the state pending good behavior.;Mary McCarthy;trust
It's not that I don't believe in miracles, but I never quite trust that they're real.;Mariel Hemingway;trust
My interactions with Sorkin were agonisingly weird. He is by far the weirdest person I have ever met. I had dinner with him and a few hours before I got an e-mail from his assistant saying, 'Sean, this does not need to be a long conversation. Aaron is only going to use it to win your trust.';Sean Parker;trust
All I can hope to do is instill great morality in my son and trust him along the way. The music he listens to or how he chooses to wear his hair doesn't define his moral compass, and if he wants to listen to country music and wear a cowboy hat too, that's fine.;Mark Hoppus;trust
I was going through a little bit of turbulence in my career. And so, it's funny how turbulence itself will make you hold onto something for security. And so the only thing I knew is trust in the Lord and lean not unto your own heart, in all thy ways acknowledge him and he shall direct thy path.;Emmitt Smith;trust
As a former football player who has carried a football more than 4,000 times, trust me, I did not go into ballroom dancing with my body being 100 percent, with no aches or pains or ailments coming with me. When you're dancing, you're doing stuff that your body's not used to, and so you start to aggravate those old injuries.;Emmitt Smith;trust
Never trust a man who speaks well of everybody.;John Churton Collins;trust
I tread in the footsteps of illustrious men... in receiving from the people the sacred trust confided to my illustrious predecessor.;Martin Van Buren;trust
If the Americans go in and overthrow Saddam Hussein and it's clean, he has nothing, I will apologize to the nation, and I will not trust the Bush administration again.;Bill O'Reilly;trust
It takes people a while to trust you.;Karl Malone;trust
Trust your instincts: they tend to see you right. By listening to them, at least you can sleep at night.;Sophie Ellis-Bextor;trust
One of the things I had to learn as a writer was to trust the act of writing. To put myself in the position of writing to find out what I was writing.;E. L. Doctorow;trust
I had this totally impossible dream of being an actress. Trust me, just because I'm lucky enough to be doing this doesn't make any of this less of a pipe dream. And nothing gets my juices flowing like a really great performance. To see someone on stage, I get really excited.;Olivia Thirlby;trust
But that citizen's perception was also at one with the truth in recognizing that the very brutality of the means by which the IRA were pursuing change was destructive of the trust upon which new possibilities would have to be based.;Seamus Heaney;trust
The essence of good government is trust.;Kathleen Sebelius;trust
Relationships in general make people a bit nervous. It's about trust. Do I trust you enough to go there?;Neil LaBute;trust
Central authority is bad. The bias should be for freedom. And without a central authority, there are lots of little authorities, and we learn which ones to trust.;John Stossel;trust
I built a series of supporters that had my back. I never abused that trust. You can't cry wolf. You have to solve most problems yourself.;Michael Arad;trust
If you're an original thinker, you are going get told 'no' a lot, and you have to be able to hear 'no' many times from the bankers and trust that at some point, someone is going to recognize that you are an artist and not a can of soda.;Nick Offerman;trust
Any agreement that you have isn't going to be based on North Korea's intentions or trust.;Mitchell Reiss;trust
These are very subtle things, of course, and I don't expect everyone to pick them up consciously, but I think that there is something there that you must be able to feel, there is an energy at work that I must trust my audience will be able to pick up at some level.;Atom Egoyan;trust
The hedonistic lifestyle is difficult to achieve when you're still carrying your own gear. Trust me that you don't feel glamorous with a 60-pound amp in your arms it's a lot less sexy than toting a vodka gimlet and impossible to do in heels.;Carrie Brownstein;trust
What we're doing now is we're saying that individual schools can spend the money on their own priorities, so that head teachers can decide what's truly important, because the big shift in approach on education that we're taking - which is different from what happened before - is that we trust teachers and we trust heads.;Michael Gove;trust
The big shift in approach on education that we are taking - which is different from what happened before - is that we trust teachers and we trust heads.;Michael Gove;trust
Fanatics do not have faith - they have belief. With faith you let go. You trust. Whereas with belief you cling.;Yann Martel;trust
My bulimia was my addiction. Hurting myself was my addiction... The music is what saved me. That's the only thing I can trust.;Nicole Scherzinger;trust
You can't just trust to luck you have to really listen to what that character is telling you.;Estelle Parsons;trust
The biggest lesson I learned from Vietnam is not to trust our own government statements. I had no idea until then that you could not rely on them.;J. William Fulbright;trust
You cannot trust 25 guys in a locker room to have the same respect and training as I do with a weapon. That I do understand. I've carried a gun for 10 years. I've carried them in the locker room, and nobody really knows about it. I know how to handle myself.;Luke Scott;trust
Like, you can find your dream, if you firmly believe. You have to have the innocence, and you have to have the daringness to trust.;Bai Ling;trust
Jim Bakker came along. He said, Jessica Hahn, listen. You're a virgin. As God as my witness. He said, We need a girl that we can trust.;Jessica Hahn;trust
I really like my doctors. Some of them I love. I trust them.;Nancy Grace;trust
I think that America will not trust a party to defend America that isn't willing to defend itself.;James Carville;trust
This thing is for the game of golf, yeah, but trust me, the Europeans don't have that mentality.;Payne Stewart;trust
What Clinton did with Lewinsky was despicable but was no threat to the nation. That he lied about it repeatedly and to the public is a reason for us to cease to trust him and for him to resign.;Donella Meadows;trust
I teach for the Book Trust, which promotes reading and writing with children.;Toby Jones;trust
If we can by any method establish a relation of mutual trust between the laborer and the employer, we shall lay the foundation stone of a structure that will endure for all time.;Mark Hanna;trust
I think it's a style of acting that you trust. You trust the instincts.;Jeff Daniels;trust
I had a career and I came to motherhood late and am not married and have never had such a trusting relationship with a man - and trust is where the real power of love comes from.;Diane Keaton;trust
The United States contributes to peace in both by serving as a buffer between and among regional powers that, while not preparing for armed conflict, do not fully trust one another.;Michael Mandelbaum;trust
We trust something in a grocery store and assume it's good. We don't learn about the most precious thing in life-the food we put in our body. Educate yourself!;Paul Prudhomme;trust
The chief internal enemies of any state are those public officials who betray the trust imposed upon them by the people.;Dalton Trumbo;trust
I find I like to work with a lot of the same actors, because I find that there's sort of shorthand there, and there is this unspoken trust, both ways. They trust me and I trust them. And I know what I'm going to get from them, to an extent. It's just fun, kind of creating this little family.;Todd Phillips;trust
Even now I can't trust life. It did too many awful things to me as a kid.;Clara Bow;trust
I trust, that your readers will not construe my words to mean, that I would not have gone to a 3 o'clock in the morning session, for the sake of defeating the Nebraska bill.;Gerrit Smith;trust
When you're told to go brief a United States senator on a covert operation, you go do it. And you trust the information isn't going to leak.;Oliver North;trust
We realized that the only persons we can truly trust in this world is each other and our families.;Marion Jones;trust
Trust the tale, not the teller.;David Knopfler;trust
What we have is North Korea still pursuing path to a nuclear weapon state. So the majority of people's trust in North Korea has gone down considerably.;Lee Myung-bak;trust
Americans have been given goals to achieve in Iraq, but not the standards by which to measure progress. And the only assurance Americans have been given that we can reach those goals is to trust the President and his Administration at their word.;Patrick J. Kennedy;trust
I love to be directed. They can trust me and go.;Jeff Goldblum;trust
And trust, yes, which is important, but that is what I aim towards. Now that is difficult for some people, and with that desire to get things as good as possible, I would say that I'm probably regarded as quite prickly to work with.;Jeremy Irons;trust
I currently use Ubuntu Linux, on a standalone laptop - it has no Internet connection. I occasionally carry flash memory drives between this machine and the Macs that I use for network surfing and graphics but I trust my family jewels only to Linux.;Donald Knuth;trust
What we've gone through in the last several years has caused some people to question 'Can we trust Microsoft?';Steve Ballmer;trust
Even where friendship is concerned, it takes me a long time to trust people.;Namie Amuro;trust
In my work you often get an abrupt shift in time, a jolt. But the emotional logic will take the reader on. I hope. I trust. After all, our memories do not work with any sequential logic.;Graham Swift;trust
Whoever places his trust into a system will soon be without a home. While you are building your third story, the two lower ones have already been dismantled.;Franz Grillparzer;trust
You never know really what anyone thinks about you - that's why all my closest friends are ones I've had since my schooling days when I was 5. And I surround myself with people who I trust and who know me.;Dominic Cooper;trust
What I've learned in these 11 years is you just got to stay focused and believe in yourself and trust your own ability and judgment.;Mark Cuban;trust
I just trust people and they sense everything's gonna be alright.;Gregory Corso;trust
If you succeed with your first dream, it helps. You know, people trust you, possibly, for the second one. They give you a chance to play out your second one.;James D. Watson;trust
One of our most noble political tasks is to open up trust.;Gustav Heinemann;trust
Disarmament requires trust.;Gustav Heinemann;trust
We believe. We believe in our destiny as a nation. We believe we have been called to do good, to spread the blessings of liberty and encourage the sense of trust upon which free societies depend.;Tony Snow;trust
And they like being able to turn on the television day in and day out to see someone that they know and they feel comfortable with and trust hopefully and respect even.;Katie Couric;trust
Bereavement is the sharpest challenge to our trust in God if faith can overcome this, there is no mountain which it cannot remove.;Dean Inge;trust
I can count on one hand how many people I trust.;Frances Bean Cobain;trust
The Minutemen were seen as more of an art thing than Black Flag, although I didn't see them that way. It confused people when we put out Saccharine Trust, too.;Greg Ginn;trust
The power to investigate is a great public trust.;Emanuel Celler;trust
You know, at the end of the day, the only thing you have is trust and honor in this world. That's all you have. All you have is your reputation built on trust and your personal honor. When you don't have that anymore, well, you know, there you go. Trust was broken.;George Tenet;trust
You see that's what I think is such a terrible, terrible betrayal, the trust that people have in government.;Ralph Steadman;trust
I trust that the president will try, just give it one more shot, some revolutionary way of not doing this, of bringing all those kids back home safely.;F. Murray Abraham;trust
I don't trust anybody who didn't inhale.;Peter Fonda;trust
No dance has ever turned out the way I thought it would, because I trust enough that I can start something with some ideas and then it takes itself somewhere.;Mark Morris;trust
I have a good team around me. I have people I trust around me. If I go the wrong way, they will yell at me. Just as they have in the past.;Bubba Watson;trust
Feeding is a very important ritual for me. I don't trust people who don't like to eat.;Gina Gershon;trust
The Christian must trust in a withdrawing God.;William Gurnall;trust
The president has undermined trust. No longer will the members of Congress be entitled to accept his veracity. Caveat emptor has become the word. Every member of Congress is on his or her own to determine the truth.;Bob Graham;trust
I am lucky to have advisers whom I trust.;Monica Seles;trust
Trust your gut instinct over spreadsheets. There are too many variables in the real world that you simply can't put into a spreadsheet. Spreadsheets spit out results from your inexact assumptions and give you a false sense of security. In most cases, your heart and gut are still your best guide.;Naveen Jain;trust
When you're a mom and you have three children, nothing bothers you. Trust me. Who cares what people say? I've got other things to deal with.;Faith Hill;trust
That's the hard part about sport: as men we haven't started to be in our prime, but as athletes we are old people. I needed support. I lost trust and did stupid things.;Boris Becker;trust
I hope and trust the infinite, the eternal, and merciful and loving God. I worship Him and feel no guilt in my heart before him for what I am going to do.;Alex Campbell;trust
I worked with creative people who were very demanding of me, and they helped me reach performances that I never could have gotten on my own without being pushed and having trust in them. And so I know the best way to get the best performance of an actor, and that's not to coddle them or to baby them. It's to help them it's to push them.;Ricky Schroder;trust
And when I retired, trust me, not only did Nolan Ryan, but the entire Ryan family had withdrawals from baseball. And it was tough.;Nolan Ryan;trust
You just have to trust your instincts and hope that if someone doesn't like your idea, you can prove them wrong in the final process. In the end, you can please some of the people some of the time, but that's about all you can do.;Bryan Singer;trust
In spite of the haze of speculation, it is still something of a shock to find myself here, coming to terms with an enormous trust placed in my hands and with the inevitable sense of inadequacy that goes with that.;Rowan Williams;trust
Institutions develop because people put a lot of trust in them, they meet real needs, they represent important aspirations, whether it's monasteries, media, or banks, people begin by trusting these institutions, and gradually the suspicion develops that actually they're working for themselves, not for the community.;Rowan Williams;trust
The Macau casinos have a wonderful business, it's taking in money from Chinese businessmen elsewhere who send it through junky companies to casinos to gamble. The growth continues and they have basically western managers and western accounting, so we trust the numbers a little bit more.;James Chanos;trust
But I don't have a very good track record with royalty. My dress fell off in front of Prince Charles at the Prince's Trust, so I'm just living up to my reputation.;Kate Bush;trust
This relationship is going to be built on trust.;Marla Maples;trust
We've got to trust the politicians with these decisions.;George Carey;trust
I don't trust the Bee Gee's because there's no way they could always be happy.;Jon Crosby;trust
I became much happier when I realized I shouldn't depend solely on my career for my sense of self. So I developed other interests and surrounded myself with a small group of friends I could trust.;Douglas Wood;trust
I went through a long period of time in that marriage when I didn't believe anything was my fault. I had to face what my part was, and only because of that difficult work was I able to trust a man again.;Connie Sellecca;trust
Better to trust the man who is frequently in error than the one who is never in doubt.;Eric Sevareid;trust
Various channels of dialogue must be kept open to build trust. I will meet North Korea's leader if it is needed to develop relations between the two Koreas.;Park Geun-hye;trust
I never found anyone who was good enough, who I could trust enough.;Christine Keeler;trust
Suicide is possible, but not probable hanging, I trust, is even more unlikely for I hope that, by the time I die, my countrymen will have become civilised enough to abolish capital punishment.;Laurence Housman;trust
Know that there is so much more to you than your body. It's not just about perfecting the steps you must trust your instincts to tell deep, emotional stories through the steps that you are performing.;Karen Kain;trust
I trust my instincts.;Billy Zane;trust
It's probably a bit of a power trip when you befriend somebody enough that they trust you to tell you things.;Josh Brolin;trust
I never practice before, I never work hours on a script. I just choose my characters and trust them, and after that, it's about the director taking your hand.;Melanie Laurent;trust
When I think it's good not to say the truth, I don't say anything. I don't like actors in general, they lie, they are liars, trust me.;Melanie Laurent;trust
He is still my father. He is still a person I know I could trust and he would never do anything against me. Once you're at the top, there are not many people like that. People always want something from you.;Martina Hingis;trust
We do not trust the goodwill of the U.S. They have cut the ties.;Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani;trust
The Social Security trust fund is in pretty good shape today and we should not embark upon risky, dangerous schemes which will, in fact, undermine Social Security, such as privatization.;Max Baucus;trust
There is a measure needing courage to adopt and enforce it, which I believe to be of virtue sufficient to redeem the nation in this its darkest hour: one only I know of no other to which we may rationally trust for relief from impending dangers without and within.;Robert Dale Owen;trust
Superman was never previewed because the producers didn't trust Warners with the film.;Richard Donner;trust
That's how you get a performance - they put trust in you.;Richard Donner;trust
I trust no one totally.;Gary Sheffield;trust
I don't trust that many people. Just my mother and my wife and a couple of friends. When I trust people, it doesn't end well.;Gary Sheffield;trust
There's only a handful of people I trust completely, and I know who they are. Other than that, I pretty much don't trust people.;Anton Yelchin;trust
If the president is failing to disclose material facts with regard to legislation being presented to the Congress on a question as important as war and peace, I think it does impair the level of trust that the House and the Senate have for this administration.;John Dingell;trust
I found it to be more challenging to be in a huge effects movie, because a lot of the things aren't there.You have to trust the director and react to nothing.;Katie Holmes;trust
From beginning to end I worried that Ang Lee wouldn't be satisfied with my work. So I worked as hard as I could to earn his trust, because you only get a chance like this once.;Zhang Ziyi;trust
There's a lot of trust being built up. I think we have a lot of work ahead of us.;Jacob Lew;trust
We need to discuss the basis of a new form of trust built on a meaningful form of citizenship appropriate for a republic.;Michael D. Higgins;trust
David was the kind of guy who was totally supportive of the actors and instructed the writing staff to trust the actor's instincts, since after all, it's the actors playing the character.;William Devane;trust
The first year I started in San Francisco, there was an American work on every program and there's been a lot of music by living composers and gradually that was part of the process of getting the audience really to trust me.;Michael Tilson Thomas;trust
Now where people are - at least the people I talk to - they are focused on issues of trust. Accountability also comes up, to make sure that this doesn't happen again.;William P. Leahy;trust
If its not done ethically, advertising won't be trusted. If consumers don't trust it, advertising is pointless.;Jef I. Richards;trust
To say that you now trust the Russian military command and control system because some Russian general told you from the bottom of his heart that's the case, strikes me as most unrealistic.;William Odom;trust
When I meet a couple, I'm always interested to know if they have been together for a long time, or how loyal they are, because I know that will impact on how much I'm prepared to trust them.;Richard E. Grant;trust
I used to have trust with reporters. Give them scoops. Those were the old days. It's very strange, when you give a story and it doesn't come out the right way.;Joe Arpaio;trust
I wasn't sure how my dad would react. There was an agent sitting behind them and he told me he was embarrassed to watch the scenes. My parents have always been very open. They trust my decisions.;Shannon Elizabeth;trust
I think one of the coolest things about the job is the level of trust we have for each other. The actors fully trust that the writers will write amazing episodes, and the writers trust that the actors will follow their instincts with the characters.;John Krasinski;trust
I generally wade in blind and trust to fate and instinct to see me through.;Peter Straub;trust
The duty of responsibility placed on any MP is one of the greatest honours that can be bestowed and I for one don't believe the Conservative Party would abuse that trust by selecting someone who did not have the goods to do the job, just for the sake of media coverage.;Adam Rickitt;trust
Clearly, if it is sensible to hold a referendum on independence, it is crucial that we have one on marriage. It is the only way the country can move forward on this issue. Let all those who have a view on this subject place their trust in the Scottish people and let Scotland decide.;Keith O'Brien;trust
The best situation is where they cast you and then they trust you.;Illeana Douglas;trust
I just think that I'll never have plastic surgery if I'm not in front of the camera. If you make your living selling this thing, which is the way you look, then maybe you do it. But trust me, the minute I'm directing or producing and not starring, I would never even think of it.;Rebecca De Mornay;trust
Nobody should trust their virtue with necessity, the force of which is never known till it is felt, and it is therefore one of the first duties to avoid the temptation of it.;Mary Wortley Montagu;trust
We have fun, we listen to one another, we challenge one another, we trust one another. We're doing what we enjoy, and we're not just playing for each other, we're playing for the people.;Benny Green;trust
A more important reason is that the bands will intuitively trust someone they think is a peer, and who speaks fondly of the same formative rock and roll experiences.;Steve Albini;trust
While it is clear that we need to make some adjustments to protect Social Security for the long term, it is disingenuous to say that the trust fund is facing a crisis.;Carl Levin;trust
I trust it will not be giving away professional secrets to say that many readers would be surprised, perhaps shocked, at the questions which some newspaper editors will put to a defenseless woman under the guise of flattery.;Kate Chopin;trust
I almost always do things that I like, in some form or fashion. Every once in awhile that means that I don't think the script is any good and I don't have any trust in the people, but the film is shooting in Sri Lanka, or somewhere like that, so I'm going.;Billy Campbell;trust
Well, first of all, making films is a collaborative process. You need people. You need people you trust and love and who are your friends. People you can work with.;Sean Durkin;trust
I focus on the writing and let the rest of the process take care of itself. I've learned to trust my own instincts and I've also learned to take risks.;Sue Grafton;trust
You should trust any man in his own art provided he is skilled in it.;Edward Coke;trust
Just really, really believe in what you're trying to do. Don't let people alter that. Let people advise you and lead you down paths to make smart business decisions. But trust your instinct and trust that overwhelming drive that made you put all your dreams and everything on the line.;Luke Bryan;trust
Well, the whole story is in the book, but the short answer is that I was the first information architect in an organization that was traditionally design-oriented, and I felt I needed a tool to help me gain the trust and support of my colleagues.;Jesse James Garrett;trust
There's good and bad everywhere in any aspect in life. The only people who we can't really trust are politicians. Because those guys lie to everybody and constantly.;Demian Bichir;trust
I now announce myself as candidate for the Presidency. I anticipate criticism but however unfavorable I trust that my sincerity will not be called into question.;Victoria Woodhull;trust
You can trust a Neil Simon script. Every dot. Every dash that pause means something. He takes all the jokes out, practically.;Hector Elizondo;trust
At the beginning of the new century, it is the common aspiration of the peoples of the two countries to deepen mutual understanding, enhance trust, develop friendship and strengthen cooperation.;Li Peng;trust
If we do what we think is right, not try to point-score, people will begin to trust us.;Francis Maude;trust
When you form a team, why do you try to form a team? Because teamwork builds trust and trust builds speed.;Russel Honore;trust
Trust me, the only real way to understand 'Chic' is in highfalutin terms. Our chord progressions were based on European modal melodies. I made those early 'Chic' records to impress my jazz friends.;Nile Rodgers;trust
Trust me, my runners aren't going to run one event while looking past it to the second event. When they get on the line for the 10K, that's a do-or-die situation for them.;Alberto Salazar;trust
And I also trust that there's more than one way to do something.;Dennis Muren;trust
That's a great feeling to know that I'm going into a project that I have no idea what will become of that movie, but I really trust Ang Lee. And I really trusted Ron. It's just really nice to work with people that you feel that way about.;Jennifer Connelly;trust
If you get too attached to how you want it to come out the other side, you freeze. I try to trust that it will work out in the end.;Jennifer Connelly;trust
I'm a Prince of Wales Trust ambassador, so I'm all about giving youth an education, a voice and a chance to not take the wrong road.;Benedict Cumberbatch;trust
How I work is I work from of very character-driven place. And I trust the writers.;Amy Adams;trust
If Romney explains why where we are with Obama is unacceptable, why whither we are tending is even worse - and why his own alternative path forward is superior - then we trust the American people to make the right choice in November.;Bill Kristol;trust
I grew up in a neighborhood in Baltimore that was like a war zone, so I never learned to trust that there were people who could help me.;Jada Pinkett Smith;trust
Reporters used to be blue-collar at the Globe now, it's practically required that you have a trust fund.;Howie Carr;trust
Nobody has ever denied that when it comes to his trade - gigolo - John Forbes Kerry is one of the all-time greats. He's in the Gigolo Hall of Fame. See, a really good gigolo might snag one heiress in a lifetime with a nine-figure trust fund. Kerry has married two. When it comes to gigolos, he's Steve Jobs.;Howie Carr;trust
The Centre is very important to me it's about trust - about truth.;David Ginola;trust
I guess because it feels more open, but I think being married is way sexier, because it's really like your soul partner in a permanent fashion, and then you strive for it to be something permanent, and that type of commitment and trust, if you can achieve it, is so good for the soul.;Leelee Sobieski;trust
In search of a complete education with the ideals of trust, faith, understanding and compassion, many families are turning to the structure, discipline and academic standards of Catholic schools.;Mark Foley;trust
You can't trust the internet.;Nicolette Sheridan;trust
One of the challenges in networking is everybody thinks it's making cold calls to strangers. Actually, it's the people who already have strong trust relationships with you, who know you're dedicated, smart, a team player, who can help you.;Reid Hoffman;trust
If you wish in this world to advance your merits you're bound to enhance You must stir it and stump it, and blow your own trumpet, Or, trust me, you haven't a chance.;William Gilbert;trust
Science doesn't in the slightest depend on trust. It depends completely on the belief that you can demonstrate something for yourself.;Walter Gilbert;trust
Don't trust somebody that don't have a troubled period.;Benjamin Walker;trust
We've got a long career ahead of us and it's going to be great. Trust me.;Dan Hawkins;trust
Whom am I going to trust if I have to back again.;Kamisese Mara;trust
Citizens, the priority now is to recover trust between the Egyptian - amongst the Egyptians and to have trust and confidence in our economy and international reputation and the fact that the change that we have embarked on will carry on and there's no going back to the old days.;Hosni Mubarak;trust
And I believe that public broadcasting has an important trust with the American people, it's an intimate medium of television, and that we can do reading and language development for young children without getting into human sexuality.;Margaret Spellings;trust
In this choice, as I look back over more than half a century, I can only follow - and trust - the same sort of instinct that one follows in the art of fiction.;Mary Augusta Ward;trust
It's all about the director for me we have to click. It's a trust thing. I'll say I'm ready to let down my walls. I'll cry for you as long as you need. But you're going to have to hug me afterwards.;Juno Temple;trust
I became a Republican because I trust people more than I trust government.;Heather Wilson;trust
Although filmmaking is collaborative and involves trust, ultimately it is the director who holds the whole picture together in their head.;Julia Leigh;trust
Writing doesn't come real easy to me. I couldn't write a novel in a year. It wouldn't be readable. I don't let an editor even look at it until the second year, because it would just scare them. I just have to trust that all these scraps and dead-ends will find a way.;Charles Frazier;trust
I always market research my books before I hand them in by showing them to five or six close friends who I trust to be honest with me, so they are very heavily re-written already.;Helen Fielding;trust
The American people want to have trust in their leaders.;David Plouffe;trust
I know it sounds new age-y, but what I've truly come up with is that you really need to trust that you're on your own path, as long as you stay true to it and you show up, which is 99% of it.;Jane Lynch;trust
I don't trust Santa Barbara as far as I can spit. I am afraid that if I went back there, it's possible that I could be run through their system, their judicial system, and wind up in some county jail where I could be killed and I'm not gonna take that chance.;Randy Quaid;trust
We can trust our doctors to be professional, to minister equally to their patients without regard to their political or religious beliefs. But we can no longer trust our professors to do the same.;David Horowitz;trust
Sci-fi nerds are respectful, honorable. You can trust them.;Claudia Christian;trust
I don't trust anybody in my life except my mother and my dogs.;Cheryl Cole;trust
So when you go to a set and you just fully trust everybody, you know how hard everybody's working, you know that the people doing it are good and have such a strong vision - that's exactly my experience on 'New Girl,' and what my experience on 'Veronica Mars' was like. Everybody was just so great.;Max Greenfield;trust
You never know if you're a writer. You can't trust it. If you woke up and said, 'I'm a writer,' it would be gone. You wouldn't see anything for miles - even the dust would be running away.;Ali Smith;trust
The same sort of thing happened in my dispute with the National Trust book: Follies: A National Trust Guide, which implied that the only pleasure you can get from Folly architecture is by calling the architect mad, and by laughing at the architecture.;Ian Hamilton Finlay;trust
Trust me, you have to fight. When people are wrong, you've got to let them know it.;Orlando Cepeda;trust
You can never trust what you read.;William Goldman;trust
When it comes to locations, I'm one of those crazy authors who has to see it, touch it, taste it, before I trust myself to recreate it for my readers. Having said that, visiting a locked-down pediatric psych ward was the most intimidating research I've ever done - and I've visited maximum security prisons, shooting galleries, bone collections, etc.;Lisa Gardner;trust
I would say I was always very ambitious and goal-oriented, but rather than being just a go-getter hustler, now I surrender a lot more and I trust my path a lot more.;Jenna Dewan;trust
In high school I was always thinking, 'Should I be doing more? What else should I be doing?' Now I know it will all come to me. I just have to trust my path, so that's very different.;Jenna Dewan;trust
As a historian, what I trust is my ability to take a mass of information and tell a story shaped around it.;Doris Kearns Goodwin;trust
We associate the North Atlantic with cod. The motto of Newfoundland used to be 'In cod we trust.' It was a joke, but it was essentially true. But there is no cod anymore. And that's extraordinary. It's all because of either greed or politics - Canadian politics.;Simon Winchester;trust
I have achieved what I wanted to achieve. I'm better off at some sort of independent place where they not only like what I produce but also trust me to be the one to produce it.;Keith Olbermann;trust
We grow in time to trust the future for our answers.;Ruth Benedict;trust
People don't place their trust in government or company pension plans they have to be self-reliant.;Scott Cook;trust
I plays Joe's best friend. I am the only one he has ever been able to trust in his life, so I help him understand what happened to him when he was younger.;Michelle Trachtenberg;trust
We live in the country. I'm a redneck. No, ha-ha. I live in L.A. County, but more in the hills. Not in the fancy kind! Trust me whatever you do you do not want to come to my neighborhood!;Atticus Shaffer;trust
When you explain to people what you're trying to do, as opposed to just making demands or delegating tasks, you can build instant trust, even if it's just for that short time you're on the phone.;Simon Sinek;trust
Whether we knew many who died on September 11 or personally knew none, we all lost something on that day. Innocence. Security. A trust that our homeland would always be safe.;Bob Taft;trust
I'm lucky to have a great support system in my friends and some of my family. If you have those people that you trust, go ahead and fall back into them and let them be your hammock and cocoon and let them embrace you.;JoJo;trust
Any journalist worth his or her salt wouldn't trust me.;Joey Skaggs;trust
Spending when the math's not there and the numbers aren't there and if they look in the social security trust fund, it's filled with IOUs because the government's been pilfering it for years on end. We have to do something. We have to start having this discussion.;Ben Quayle;trust
As a Christian, I think it's really important to find a man of God to trust and be supportive of me.;Leven Rambin;trust
When you do a drama, you are challenged to trust your inner voice much more. Because when you put a comedy in front of even a 25-person screening, you know whether it's working or not. The barometer is overt.;Shawn Levy;trust
If we keep on ignoring and leaving children to their own devices at home, they become latchkey kids, and trust me, the consequences of that are not good.;Eric Braeden;trust
One of the mistakes I made was placing too much trust in Montesinos.;Alberto Fujimori;trust
Our authorities leave us no doubt that the trust lodged with the oligarchy was sometimes abused, but it certainly ought not to be regarded as a mere usurpation or engine of tyranny.;Henry James Sumner Maine;trust
Let's put aside the politics and trust the people. Let's embrace the unique opportunity we all have take the heat and make the hard and difficult decisions, knowing that we're doing it to make things better for the people of Illinois.;Rod Blagojevich;trust
I truly believe that everything that we do and everyone that we meet is put in our path for a purpose. There are no accidents we're all teachers - if we're willing to pay attention to the lessons we learn, trust our positive instincts and not be afraid to take risks or wait for some miracle to come knocking at our door.;Marla Gibbs;trust
I wanted to trust in my partners and the directors and producers and do the best I can to deliver what I could deliver.;Martin Lawrence;trust
My mom just understands about stuff. We have a really good trust, and she knows I can take care of myself.;Balthazar Getty;trust
We have to have a way of dealing with this that engenders confidence, trust, gives us every chance of getting the right outcome and boosts both sustainability and economic return at the same time.;John Anderson;trust
You always want to go out there with the best book possible, so I listen to what my editors say, and even if they don't know how to fix it, I always seem to find a way. 'Trust Your Eyes' is the best book I've written, and I don't know if I can do any better.;Linwood Barclay;trust
Our nation's Social Security Trust Fund is depleting at an alarming rate, and failure to implement immediate reforms endangers the ability of Americans to plan for their retirement with the options and certainty they deserve.;Pete Sessions;trust
I was always led to believe you should take care of yourself, trust in your abilities and you're the author of your own destiny.;Adewale Akinnuoye-Agbaje;trust
It is a sore point, because you do have advantages if you have access to more than one language. You also have problems, because on bad days you don't trust yourself, either in your first or your second language, and so you feel like a complete halfwit.;W. G. Sebald;trust
You can trust Charlie Crist.;Charlie Crist;trust
I think the industry finally gets it. They've lost the connection with the American public, and they've got to rebuild the trust with the American public.;Billy Tauzin;trust
A lot of time you write out of some unconscious place. I try to trust what is coming and where it wants to take me.;Sue Monk Kidd;trust
I am honored that my freshman class colleagues have put their trust in me to represent our historic class at the leadership table. The incoming freshman class of Representatives is large and diverse but we share many common goals including cutting wasteful spending, getting our economy back on track and making government smarter and more efficient.;Kristi Noem;trust
The time I trust will come, perhaps within the lives of some of us, when the outline of this science will be clearly made out and generally recognised, when its nomenclature will be fixed, and its principles form a part of elementary instruction.;Nassau William Senior;trust
I have complete artistic control, and I just do my best album every time and trust it to fate.;Susannah McCorkle;trust
In any solid, good relationship, it takes a while to trust someone.;Minka Kelly;trust
Having been given that public trust, we have a responsibility to share with the public.;Steven Squyres;trust
If you are a reliable, honest journalist, sources will open up and trust you and share good information.;Wolf Blitzer;trust
There's a unique bond of trust between readers and authors that I don't believe exists in any other art form as a reader, I trust a novelist to give me his or her best effort, however flawed.;Dan Simmons;trust
I trust my mum with anything. If I have a problem, my mum is always the first person I go to.;Richard Fleeshman;trust
We should conceive of ourselves not as rulers of Earth, but as highly powerful, conscious stewards: The Earth is given to us in trust, and we can screw it up or make it work well and sustainably.;Kim Stanley Robinson;trust
I trust my wife more than I trust myself.;Chris Paul;trust
I got this idea about being afraid to let go of something and being afraid of sinking into a state of almost anesthesia, where you have to trust other people. Just the paranoia of it all. And it seemed to suit the frenetic track. So I just wrote it out and, you know, said it.;Nick Rhodes;trust
I was telling somebody just the other day, there's technically such a hierarchy in this business. You have film, that's the ideal then you have TV, and things like web series do not claim as much cred, but the fact is, if the material is solid and I believe and trust in the team that's involved, I don't care what format it is.;Tony Hale;trust
People trust I know what I'm doing. I have lots of credibility. I've had years of learning. I know and understand my business.;Lori Greiner;trust
Our citizens will lose their confidence or trust in the values and principles of the international community, especially if our personal identity is denied.;Boris Trajkovski;trust
I've stayed away from Twitter for a long time because I sort of didn't trust myself with such an intimate but very public way of relating to the world, but I feel like I've studied it enough.;Elizabeth Reaser;trust
I'm not on a mission. I'm not a paragon of health for anybody. I'm not going to run a marathon or model for 'Men's Health' or go on bike rides with Lance Armstrong. I'm not. Trust me.;Duff Goldman;trust
When political and business leaders tell the public - any public - 'We don't trust you to make the right decision' - they prejudice that electorate against the very proposals they want it to accept and undermine public confidence in themselves.;Preston Manning;trust
The Obama administration believes in experts and blue-ribbon panels. They believe in creating new agencies and boards. They believe in all that, but they just don't trust the entrepreneur's ability to grow her own business and to create jobs.;Sher Valenzuela;trust
I therefore beg that you would indulge me with the liberty of declining the arduous trust.;Christopher Gadsden;trust
I have been extremely pleased to support the Trust's work in the Lupus Unit ever since. Personal experience also motivated me to become involved to help raise the awareness of the disease and hopefully thereby improve the speed of diagnosis.;Elaine Paige;trust
It's difficult to get started-when it comes to dealing with an unknown quantity, people are reluctant to trust their own opinion. It helps if two or three people give you a boost.;Lyle Lovett;trust
The decision is 'trust fund' versus 'no more Medicaid' - and that shouldn't be a tough decision.;Haley Barbour;trust
Now the first step has to be taken, the step towards democracy. This step is full of risks, and requires trust on all sides. We don't know where it will lead. But if we just stand still, we will have no chance of escaping the violence.;Daniel Barenboim;trust
You can't trust a promise someone makes while they're drunk, in love, hungry, or running for office.;Joe Moore;trust
My disposition as a human being is kind of a go-along-to-get-along person. I tend to trust authority.;Chris Hayes;trust
You always have certain strengths and certain weaknesses, and you want to compensate for your weaknesses... I have a real duty to earn the trust of the faculty. I don't just deserve it. I have to earn it.;Erskine Bowles;trust
We have an opportunity, but we have an obligation to senior citizens and to the younger people who are entering the workforce today to help ensure that they are going to be able to trust the government to have a workable program that benefits them as well.;Thad Cochran;trust
Millions have been taken from me. If you are not on top of it and you make a lot of money, and you trust business managers, then, yes, money will be taken from you.;Stephanie Mills;trust
My biggest challenge is trust, and really believing that trust, in letting things just happen personally and professionally and trust with myself. But I'm getting better at it.;Katherine Moennig;trust
I have some women friends but I prefer men. Don't trust women. There is a built-in competition between women.;Edna O'Brien;trust
I was afterwards sorry for this, though, if I ever travel again, I shall trust to none but natives, as the climate of Africa is too trying to foreigners.;John H. Speke;trust
The first thing I've learned is to trust nobody.;Josh Bowman;trust
It's mostly the financial chicanery that's going on. People are saying 'What kind of trust can we put in this market?';Mike Farrell;trust
Do not trust to the cheering, for those persons would shout as much if you and I were going to be hanged.;Claude M. Bristol;trust
Mr. Speaker, the Delaware River deepening project is important for my constituents, for our region and for the entire nation. I trust that, when they examine the facts about it, every one of my colleagues will join me in supporting it.;Robert Brady;trust
Bob summed it up best when he was on his knees at the end of the night saying, 'Don't trust in Guided By Voices.' You were there was the show awful or something? I know it was sloppy, but they're not really that tight anyway, but was it embarrassing, was it sad?;Kim Deal;trust
I have only one rule in acting - trust the director and give him heart and soul.;Ava Gardner;trust
Before we decide to trust you with this power, we ask you to stand before the public and explain your views. Justice may be blind, but it should not be deaf.;Herb Kohl;trust
I am not the kind of girl who can trust a theory based on one person.;Brigitte Boisselier;trust
I've never made choices based on money - I always trust my gut.;David James Elliott;trust
The first few weeks football players look at you like you are speaking a foreign language. My job is to get them to trust me, trust the system. I ask them to run in a way that makes no sense to them.;Ato Boldon;trust
I've worked with many directors, good ones and bad ones. So if I have a chance to work the good ones, I better put myself in their hands, and trust them, because that's my big opportunity to be different, and to be better than usual.;Thomas Kretschmann;trust
We would be false to our trust if we allowed the time it takes to give effect to constitutional rights to be used as the very reason for taking away those rights.;Frank Murphy;trust
It's the same old story you've heard a thousand times. Somebody's trust gets broken. Somebody's left behind.;Travis Tritt;trust
With any work worth its salt, you have to trust the author enough to take its measure. And if you apply too many preconceptions, you are not taking its measure.;Art Spiegelman;trust
At this stage of my life I would rather try and have some small impact within a company and suffer through those things than make such a big stink that nobody can trust to work with you. It's very important in an environment of a big institution that people don't feel threatened that you're going to expose them in any way.;Gelsey Kirkland;trust
When you're playing the same dirty dozen night after night, the moments that keep it fresh are those when you just let go and trust everyone.;Jonathan Cain;trust
It's good to have a manager who shares your interests, or goals. You can presumably trust a husband. I don't know if it's the best way to work. I really shouldn't discuss this.;Dorothy Stratten;trust
I've never read a screenplay in advance. You trust the artist.;Beatrice Dalle;trust
Apart from a few simple principles, the sound and rhythm of English prose seem to me matters where both writers and readers should trust not so much to rules as to their ears.;F. L. Lucas;trust
And so, at the age of thirty, I had successively disgraced myself with three fine institutions, each of which had made me free of its full and rich resources, had trained me with skill and patience, and had shown me nothing but forbearance and charity when I failed in trust.;Simon Raven;trust
We save paradise by an intense education program where you get people that you can trust to talk sanely about the environment and hope that the message will get through.;Arthur Boyd;trust
The problem with not having a camera is that one must trust the analysis of a reporter who's telling you what occurred in the courtroom. You have to take into consideration the filtering effect of that person's own biases.;Lance Ito;trust
Firemen can do almost everything. You already trust them in life-threatening situations why not let them help you with your everyday problems, too?;David Hunt;trust
There's no one I trust in show business more than Sabrina Wind. She's my eyes and ears when I can't be there. She weighs in on everything, from scripts to sets to advertising.;Marc Cherry;trust
Our cattlemen have given us the safest, most abundant, most affordable beef supply in the world and I trust their judgment. And if you look at consumer confidence in this country, so does the American public.;Norm Coleman;trust
Your crew becomes your family and you trust the director and the other actors on the set, and it's a very safe place.;Aleksa Palladino;trust
My parents put everything in a trust fund for me. I won't get it until I'm 18, so I'll use it for college.;Heather O'Rourke;trust
Work hard, use your common sense and don't be afraid to trust your instincts.;Fred L. Turner;trust
You might not trust me. Please give me a chance and time. I will prove myself for all of you.;Yingluck Shinawatra;trust
I completely trust Gloria Vanderbilt. I have always found her very honest.;Michael Lindsay-Hogg;trust
Trust is a big word for me. Loyalty and trust, for me, are everything. It's the core of what I'm about and what the people around me hopefully are about. It's a certain thing that gives you a sense of security. It's the biggest factor in everything I do.;Tommy Mottola;trust
I often say that shareholders should feel very responsible for how responsive corporations are to the public trust.;Ruth J. Simmons;trust
Don't trust anyone over thirty.;Jerry Rubin;trust
Trust me, I'm going to find out where the money has gone and how it has been spent, and see if we can't get it down there quicker to let that rebuilding start.;Lynn Westmoreland;trust
Baseball is a public trust. Players turn over, owners turn over and certain commissioners turn over. But baseball goes on.;Peter Ueberroth;trust
This Bush administration has a growing credibility gap, maybe even a credibility chasm, on environmental policy. The President has lost the trust of the American people when it comes to the environment.;Jim Jeffords;trust
The hardest thing to do is to trust people.;Dwight Howard;trust
There's obviously nothing wrong with selling your art - only an idiot with a trust fund would tell you otherwise. But it's confusing to know how far you should take it.;Banksy;trust
Based on 30 years of experience with the Iranians, they will give you 100 words. Trust only one of the 100.;Hamad bin Khalifa Al Thani;trust
Racial profiling punishes innocent individuals for the past actions of those who look and sound like them. It misdirects crucial resources and undercuts the trust needed between law enforcement and the communities they serve. It has no place in our national discourse, and no place in our nation's police departments.;Benjamin Todd Jealous;trust
If the security forces continue to be dominated as they are now by political groups or sects, then the people won't trust in them - and the result will be civil war or fragmentation of the country.;Adnan Pachachi;trust
I trust the people who are working with me. I delegate.;Mario Draghi;trust
The Broken Bow group is such a great family and seem like a group of tight-knit people. When I looked for a new label, I wanted to feel I could trust everybody. I wanted motivation to be at an all-time high.;Fatima Siad;trust
The Supreme Court's only armor is the cloak of public trust its sole ammunition, the collective hopes of our society.;Irving R. Kaufman;trust
Gentlemen, I fervently trust that before long the principle of arbitration may win such confidence as to justify its extension to a wider field of international differences.;Henry Campbell-Bannerman;trust
Positioning the brand and regaining trust are all smart things for us to do and those are the litmus tests for any decisions we make.;John McKinley;trust
The moment for action has arrived, and I know that I can trust in you to save our country.;George B. McClellan;trust
I never trust a fighting man who doesnt smoke or drink.;William Halsey;trust
I'm not going to be in a relationship that I don't fully trust.;Jake Pavelka;trust
Your political reputation affects how likely allies are to trust you, and what kind of deals they'll offer at the negotiating table. There's also some emotional response in there, so factions do bear grudges. Just like the real thing.;Mike Simpson;trust
With King Abdullah's leadership and his people's trust he can keep the kingdom stable and secure in all its affairs.;Sultan bin Abdul-Aziz Al Saud;trust
Because Microsoft seems to sometimes not trust customer choice, they salt XP with all these little gizmos and trap doors to get people to try Microsoft stuff. But the reality is that we're downloading more players than we ever have on a worldwide basis.;Rob Glaser;trust
I don't think I can answer questions about the trust fund.;Louise Woodward;trust
You have to trust your body to take care of you.;A. J. Langer;trust
Seeing that our thirst was increasing and the water was killing us, while the storm did not abate, we agreed to trust to God, Our Lord, and rather risk the perils of the sea than wait there for certain death from thirst.;Alvar N. C. de Vaca;trust
I would say readers can trust my work more than anyone else's.;Joseph J. Ellis;trust
Give me your trust and confidence, knowing that what I seek is for the good of Fiji, for the good of us all.;Josefa Iloilo;trust
I trust in God, and His ways are not our ways. So we have to go with that, and there's nothing I can do about that.;Cissy Houston;trust
People tell me they idolise me, want to be like me, but I tell them, 'trust me, you don't want my life.' I've been a very tortured soul.;Phil Spector;trust
When I sit at my table to write, I never know what it's going to be until I'm under way. I trust in inspiration, which sometimes comes and sometimes doesn't. But I don't sit back waiting for it. I work every day.;Alberto Moravia;trust
And it sends an important message to me, because I am sick to death to hear my opponent saying Republicans don't trust me. They do trust me, in landslide proportions, and they're proving it tonight. We're going to bury that for good.;Ben Nighthorse Campbell;trust
Those who wish well to the State ought to choose to places of trust men of inward principle, justified by exemplary conversation.;John Witherspoon;trust
Selling drug secrets violates a trust that is fundamental to the integrity of both scientific research and our financial markets.;Charles Grassley;trust
George W. Bush is a leader, and that's what we need in the White House. George Bush is someone you can believe and trust.;Jim Edgar;trust
Teachability and trust always leads to total obedience.;Ed Townsend;trust
Public office is supposed to be a public trust. This is a clear sign of the rampant corruption at the highest levels of the Republican leadership.;Bob Etheridge;trust
I never trust anything that can be captured in 2 takes.;Eleanor Tomlinson;trust
All political power is a trust.;Charles James Fox;trust
I shall endeavour still further to prosecute this inquiry, an inquiry I trust not merely speculative, but of sufficient moment to inspire the pleasing hope of its becoming essentially beneficial to mankind.;Edward Jenner;trust
As though there were a tie And obligation to posterity. We get them, bear them, breed, and nurse: What has posterity done for us. That we, lest they their rights should lose, Should trust our necks to gripe of noose?;John Trumbull;trust
I have never, not once, violated my public trust.;Alan Mollohan;trust
I don't vote for the guy I trust. I vote for the guy who trusts me the most.;Gary Burghoff;trust
A man who does not trust himself will never really trust anybody.;Cardinal De Retz;trust
People don't trust the federal government as it relates to health care.;Mike Conaway;trust
Deep Throat is a guy who could have your files and mine in his trust.;Chuck Colson;trust
And queenly is the state she keeps, In beauty's lofty trust secure.;William Allen Butler;trust
I don't really trust a sane person.;Lyle Alzado;trust
Then trust me there's nothing like drinking, So pleasant on this side of the grave: It keeps the unhappy from thinking, And makes e'en the valiant more brave.;Charles Dibdin;trust
One feels very blessed to be born into a family like the Birla family, which is a household name in India, which stands for tradition, is yet contemporary, stands for trust.;Kumar Mangalam Birla;trust
Experience has taught me never to trust a policeman. Just when you think one's all right, he turns legit.;Ben Maddow;trust
If global cooling will come soon - scientists will lose trust.;Shigenori Maruyama;trust
We have only God on our side they have 'In God We Trust' on their side.;Willie Green;trust
Espionage, for the most part, involves finding a person who knows something or has something that you can induce them secretly to give to you. That almost always involves a betrayal of trust.;Aldrich Ames;trust
Deciding whether to trust or credit a person is always an uncertain task.;Aldrich Ames;trust
Let's say a Soviet exchange student back in the '70s would go back and tell the KGB about people and places and things that he'd seen and done and been involved with. This is not really espionage there's no betrayal of trust.;Aldrich Ames;trust
The betrayal of trust carries a heavy taboo.;Aldrich Ames;trust
Everything we hear is an opinion, not a fact. Everything we see is a perspective, not the truth.;Marcus Aurelius;truth
Anyone who doesn't take truth seriously in small matters cannot be trusted in large ones either.;Albert Einstein;truth
Three things cannot be long hidden: the sun, the moon, and the truth.;Buddha;truth
I believe that unarmed truth and unconditional love will have the final word in reality. This is why right, temporarily defeated, is stronger than evil triumphant.;Martin Luther King, Jr.;truth
A lie gets halfway around the world before the truth has a chance to get its pants on.;Winston Churchill;truth
I am a firm believer in the people. If given the truth, they can be depended upon to meet any national crisis. The great point is to bring them the real facts.;Abraham Lincoln;truth
There are only two mistakes one can make along the road to truth not going all the way, and not starting.;Buddha;truth
If you tell the truth, you don't have to remember anything.;Mark Twain;truth
The truth is incontrovertible. Malice may attack it, ignorance may deride it, but in the end, there it is.;Winston Churchill;truth
In matters of truth and justice, there is no difference between large and small problems, for issues concerning the treatment of people are all the same.;Albert Einstein;truth
Even if you are a minority of one, the truth is the truth.;Mahatma Gandhi;truth
If you are out to describe the truth, leave elegance to the tailor.;Albert Einstein;truth
In a time of universal deceit - telling the truth is a revolutionary act.;George Orwell;truth
Man is least himself when he talks in his own person. Give him a mask, and he will tell you the truth.;Oscar Wilde;truth
An error does not become truth by reason of multiplied propagation, nor does truth become error because nobody sees it.;Mahatma Gandhi;truth
If you look for truth, you may find comfort in the end if you look for comfort you will not get either comfort or truth only soft soap and wishful thinking to begin, and in the end, despair.;C. S. Lewis;truth
Truth is by nature self-evident. As soon as you remove the cobwebs of ignorance that surround it, it shines clear.;Mahatma Gandhi;truth
It's no wonder that truth is stranger than fiction. Fiction has to make sense.;Mark Twain;truth
All truth passes through three stages. First, it is ridiculed. Second, it is violently opposed. Third, it is accepted as being self-evident.;Arthur Schopenhauer;truth
Our duty is to encourage every one in his struggle to live up to his own highest idea, and strive at the same time to make the ideal as near as possible to the Truth.;Swami Vivekananda;truth
Truth is the most valuable thing we have. Let us economize it.;Mark Twain;truth
I'm for truth, no matter who tells it. I'm for justice, no matter who it's for or against.;Malcolm X;truth
Rather than love, than money, than fame, give me truth.;Henry David Thoreau;truth
There's a world of difference between truth and facts. Facts can obscure the truth.;Maya Angelou;truth
The truth is rarely pure and never simple.;Oscar Wilde;truth
Truth is a deep kindness that teaches us to be content in our everyday life and share with the people the same happiness.;Khalil Gibran;truth
All fixed set patterns are incapable of adaptability or pliability. The truth is outside of all fixed patterns.;Bruce Lee;truth
The great enemy of the truth is very often not the lie, deliberate, contrived and dishonest, but the myth, persistent, persuasive and unrealistic.;John F. Kennedy;truth
Truth is beautiful, without doubt but so are lies.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;truth
Reason is the natural order of truth but imagination is the organ of meaning.;C. S. Lewis;truth
Half a truth is often a great lie.;Benjamin Franklin;truth
Truth will ultimately prevail where there is pains to bring it to light.;George Washington;truth
On the mountains of truth you can never climb in vain: either you will reach a point higher up today, or you will be training your powers so that you will be able to climb higher tomorrow.;Friedrich Nietzsche;truth
Tell the children the truth.;Bob Marley;truth
Truth can be stated in a thousand different ways, yet each one can be true.;Swami Vivekananda;truth
Plato is dear to me, but dearer still is truth.;Aristotle;truth
A lot of truth is said in jest.;Eminem;truth
The words of truth are always paradoxical.;Lao Tzu;truth
All truths are easy to understand once they are discovered the point is to discover them.;Galileo Galilei;truth
Seek not greatness, but seek truth and you will find both.;Horace Mann;truth
All credibility, all good conscience, all evidence of truth come only from the senses.;Friedrich Nietzsche;truth
The truth will set you free, but first it will make you miserable.;James A. Garfield;truth
I believe that it is better to tell the truth than a lie. I believe it is better to be free than to be a slave. And I believe it is better to know than to be ignorant.;H. L. Mencken;truth
Experience has shown, and a true philosophy will always show, that a vast, perhaps the larger portion of the truth arises from the seemingly irrelevant.;Edgar Allan Poe;truth
Stand upright, speak thy thoughts, declare The truth thou hast, that all may share Be bold, proclaim it everywhere: They only live who dare.;Voltaire;truth
Light is the symbol of truth.;James Russell Lowell;truth
I have a theory that the truth is never told during the nine-to-five hours.;Hunter S. Thompson;truth
The absurd is the essential concept and the first truth.;Albert Camus;truth
If I'd written all the truth I knew for the past ten years, about 600 people - including me - would be rotting in prison cells from Rio to Seattle today. Absolute truth is a very rare and dangerous commodity in the context of professional journalism.;Hunter S. Thompson;truth
A taste for truth at any cost is a passion which spares nothing.;Albert Camus;truth
All the truth in the world adds up to one big lie.;Bob Dylan;truth
'Beauty is truth, truth beauty,' - that is all ye know on earth, and all ye need to know.;John Keats;truth
Never apologize for showing feeling. When you do so, you apologize for the truth.;Benjamin Disraeli;truth
Peace if possible, truth at all costs.;Martin Luther;truth
A dog barks when his master is attacked. I would be a coward if I saw that God's truth is attacked and yet would remain silent.;John Calvin;truth
I maintain that Truth is a pathless land, and you cannot approach it by any path whatsoever, by any religion, by any sect.;Jiddu Krishnamurti;truth
A truth that's told with bad intent beats all the lies you can invent.;William Blake;truth
Once you eliminate the impossible, whatever remains, no matter how improbable, must be the truth.;Arthur Conan Doyle;truth
Only enemies speak the truth friends and lovers lie endlessly, caught in the web of duty.;Stephen King;truth
The earth is supported by the power of truth it is the power of truth that makes the sun shine and the winds blow indeed all things rest upon truth.;Chanakya;truth
My mother taught me that when you stand in the truth and someone tells a lie about you, don't fight it.;Whitney Houston;truth
Hard times arouse an instinctive desire for authenticity.;Coco Chanel;truth
Facts are many, but the truth is one.;Rabindranath Tagore;truth
The water in a vessel is sparkling the water in the sea is dark. The small truth has words which are clear the great truth has great silence.;Rabindranath Tagore;truth
For my part, whatever anguish of spirit it may cost, I am willing to know the whole truth to know the worst and provide for it.;Patrick Henry;truth
It is always the best policy to speak the truth, unless, of course, you are an exceptionally good liar.;Jerome K. Jerome;truth
The truth is more important than the facts.;Frank Lloyd Wright;truth
Tell me I'm clever, Tell me I'm kind, Tell me I'm talented, Tell me I'm cute, Tell me I'm sensitive, Graceful and wise, Tell me I'm perfect - But tell me the truth.;Shel Silverstein;truth
Truth is like the sun. You can shut it out for a time, but it ain't goin' away.;Elvis Presley;truth
Truth will always be truth, regardless of lack of understanding, disbelief or ignorance.;W. Clement Stone;truth
If you would be a real seeker after truth, it is necessary that at least once in your life you doubt, as far as possible, all things.;Rene Descartes;truth
I say that justice is truth in action.;Benjamin Disraeli;truth
Adversity is the first path to truth.;Lord Byron;truth
I tore myself away from the safe comfort of certainties through my love for truth - and truth rewarded me.;Simone de Beauvoir;truth
People will generally accept facts as truth only if the facts agree with what they already believe.;Andy Rooney;truth
Truth is so rare that it is delightful to tell it.;Emily Dickinson;truth
I am the Way, the Truth, and the Life. No one comes to the Father except through me.;Jesus Christ;truth
There are some people so addicted to exaggeration that they can't tell the truth without lying.;Josh Billings;truth
Your problem is how you are going to spend this one odd and precious life you have been issued. Whether you're going to spend it trying to look good and creating the illusion that you have power over people and circumstances, or whether you are going to taste it, enjoy it and find out the truth about who you are.;Anne Lamott;truth
Every truth has two sides it is as well to look at both, before we commit ourselves to either.;Aesop;truth
My guiding principles in life are to be honest, genuine, thoughtful and caring.;Prince William;truth
If you do not tell the truth about yourself you cannot tell it about other people.;Virginia Woolf;truth
Truth, like gold, is to be obtained not by its growth, but by washing away from it all that is not gold.;Leo Tolstoy;truth
There is no greatness where there is no simplicity, goodness and truth.;Leo Tolstoy;truth
Fear is not in the habit of speaking truth when perfect sincerity is expected, perfect freedom must be allowed nor has anyone who is apt to be angry when he hears the truth any cause to wonder that he does not hear it.;Tacitus;truth
Gossip needn't be false to be evil - there's a lot of truth that shouldn't be passed around.;Frank A. Clark;truth
Betrayal is the only truth that sticks.;Arthur Miller;truth
The truth of the matter is that you always know the right thing to do. The hard part is doing it.;Robert H. Schuller;truth
If you shut up truth, and bury it underground, it will but grow.;Emile Zola;truth
Sometimes the truth hurts. And sometimes it feels real good.;Henry Rollins;truth
There are trivial truths and the great truths. The opposite of a trivial truth is plainly false. The opposite of a great truth is also true.;Niels Bohr;truth
A lie which is half a truth is ever the blackest of lies.;Alfred Lord Tennyson;truth
Truth is tough. It will not break, like a bubble, at a touch nay, you may kick it about all day like a football, and it will be round and full at evening.;Oliver Wendell Holmes;truth
To myself I am only a child playing on the beach, while vast oceans of truth lie undiscovered before me.;Isaac Newton;truth
The truth. It is a beautiful and terrible thing, and must therefore be treated with great caution.;J. K. Rowling;truth
It becomes more necessary to see the truth as it is if you realize that the only vehicle for change are these people who have lost their personality.;Steven Biko;truth
Gossip is called gossip because it's not always the truth.;Justin Timberlake;truth
Infinite love is the only truth. Everything else is illusion.;David Icke;truth
A harmful truth is better than a useful lie.;Thomas Mann;truth
In the last few years, the very idea of telling the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth is dredged up only as a final resort when the alternative options of deception, threat and bribery have all been exhausted.;Michael Musto;truth
We swallow greedily any lie that flatters us, but we sip only little by little at a truth we find bitter.;Denis Diderot;truth
I preach there are all kinds of truth, your truth and somebody else's. But behind all of them there is only one truth and that is that there's no truth.;Flannery O'Connor;truth
There are only two people who can tell you the truth about yourself - an enemy who has lost his temper and a friend who loves you dearly.;Antisthenes;truth
The first reaction to truth is hatred.;Tertullian;truth
Human love has little regard for the truth. It makes the truth relative, since nothing, not even the truth, must come between it and the beloved person.;Dietrich Bonhoeffer;truth
Truth is always served by great minds, even if they fight it.;Jean Rostand;truth
The truth is you don't know what is going to happen tomorrow. Life is a crazy ride, and nothing is guaranteed.;Eminem;truth
I refuse to accept the view that mankind is so tragically bound to the starless midnight of racism and war that the bright daybreak of peace and brotherhood can never become a reality... I believe that unarmed truth and unconditional love will have the final word.;Martin Luther King, Jr.;truth
For every good reason there is to lie, there is a better reason to tell the truth.;Bo Bennett;truth
The pursuit of truth and beauty is a sphere of activity in which we are permitted to remain children all our lives.;Albert Einstein;truth
Whoever is careless with the truth in small matters cannot be trusted with important matters.;Albert Einstein;truth
Whoever undertakes to set himself up as a judge of Truth and Knowledge is shipwrecked by the laughter of the gods.;Albert Einstein;truth
In a controversy the instant we feel anger we have already ceased striving for the truth, and have begun striving for ourselves.;Buddha;truth
Discrimination is a hellhound that gnaws at Negroes in every waking moment of their lives to remind them that the lie of their inferiority is accepted as truth in the society dominating them.;Martin Luther King, Jr.;truth
Of life's two chief prizes, beauty and truth, I found the first in a loving heart and the second in a laborer's hand.;Khalil Gibran;truth
Truth is stranger than fiction, but it is because Fiction is obliged to stick to possibilities Truth isn't.;Mark Twain;truth
I know where I'm going and I know the truth, and I don't have to be what you want me to be. I'm free to be what I want.;Muhammad Ali;truth
When you are joyous, look deep into your heart and you shall find it is only that which has given you sorrow that is giving you joy. When you are sorrowful look again in your heart, and you shall see that in truth you are weeping for that which has been your delight.;Khalil Gibran;truth
A nation that is afraid to let its people judge the truth and falsehood in an open market is a nation that is afraid of its people.;John F. Kennedy;truth
Be Impeccable With Your Word. Speak with integrity. Say only what you mean. Avoid using the word to speak against yourself or to gossip about others. Use the power of your word in the direction of truth and love.;Miguel Angel Ruiz;truth
A lie can travel half way around the world while the truth is putting on its shoes.;Charles Spurgeon;truth
All things are subject to interpretation whichever interpretation prevails at a given time is a function of power and not truth.;Friedrich Nietzsche;truth
Even in literature and art, no man who bothers about originality will ever be original: whereas if you simply try to tell the truth (without caring twopence how often it has been told before) you will, nine times out of ten, become original without ever having noticed it.;C. S. Lewis;truth
And we should consider every day lost on which we have not danced at least once. And we should call every truth false which was not accompanied by at least one laugh.;Friedrich Nietzsche;truth
There is another old poet whose name I do not now remember who said, 'Truth is the daughter of Time.';Abraham Lincoln;truth
Men occasionally stumble over the truth, but most of them pick themselves up and hurry off as if nothing had happened.;Winston Churchill;truth
He who knows nothing is closer to the truth than he whose mind is filled with falsehoods and errors.;Thomas Jefferson;truth
It is error alone which needs the support of government. Truth can stand by itself.;Thomas Jefferson;truth
In wartime, truth is so precious that she should always be attended by a bodyguard of lies.;Winston Churchill;truth
When in doubt tell the truth.;Mark Twain;truth
Why shouldn't truth be stranger than fiction? Fiction, after all, has to make sense.;Mark Twain;truth
Truth is mighty and will prevail. There is nothing wrong with this, except that it ain't so.;Mark Twain;truth
Have the courage to say no. Have the courage to face the truth. Do the right thing because it is right. These are the magic keys to living your life with integrity.;W. Clement Stone;truth
All the religions of the world, while they may differ in other respects, unitedly proclaim that nothing lives in this world but Truth.;Mahatma Gandhi;truth
Fiction is obliged to stick to possibilities. Truth isn't.;Mark Twain;truth
We occasionally stumble over the truth but most of us pick ourselves up and hurry off as if nothing had happened.;Winston Churchill;truth
Man will occasionally stumble over the truth, but most of the time he will pick himself up and continue on.;Winston Churchill;truth
For Africa to me... is more than a glamorous fact. It is a historical truth. No man can know where he is going unless he knows exactly where he has been and exactly how he arrived at his present place.;Maya Angelou;truth
God, as Truth, has been for me a treasure beyond price. May He be so to every one of us.;Mahatma Gandhi;truth
I was bold in the pursuit of knowledge, never fearing to follow truth and reason to whatever results they led, and bearding every authority which stood in their way.;Thomas Jefferson;truth
Ignorance is preferable to error, and he is less remote from the truth who believes nothing than he who believes what is wrong.;Thomas Jefferson;truth
Sex is full of lies. The body tries to tell the truth. But, it's usually too battered with rules to be heard, and bound with pretenses so it can hardly move. We cripple ourselves with lies.;Jim Morrison;truth
There is not a truth existing which I fear... or would wish unknown to the whole world.;Thomas Jefferson;truth
Truth is certainly a branch of morality and a very important one to society.;Thomas Jefferson;truth
In truth, politeness is artificial good humor, it covers the natural want of it, and ends by rendering habitual a substitute nearly equivalent to the real virtue.;Thomas Jefferson;truth
God is, even though the whole world deny him. Truth stands, even if there be no public support. It is self-sustained.;Mahatma Gandhi;truth
Belief is a wise wager. Granted that faith cannot be proved, what harm will come to you if you gamble on its truth and it proves false? If you gain, you gain all if you lose, you lose nothing. Wager, then, without hesitation, that He exists.;Blaise Pascal;truth
Truth stands, even if there be no public support. It is self-sustained.;Mahatma Gandhi;truth
We are not afraid to entrust the American people with unpleasant facts, foreign ideas, alien philosophies, and competitive values. For a nation that is afraid to let its people judge the truth and falsehood in an open market is a nation that is afraid of its people.;John F. Kennedy;truth
My way of joking is to tell the truth. That's the funniest joke in the world.;Muhammad Ali;truth
My religion is based on truth and non-violence. Truth is my God. Non-violence is the means of realising Him.;Mahatma Gandhi;truth
I have nothing new to teach the world. Truth and Non-violence are as old as the hills. All I have done is to try experiments in both on as vast a scale as I could.;Mahatma Gandhi;truth
When you are sorrowful look again in your heart, and you shall see that in truth you are weeping for that which has been your delight.;Khalil Gibran;truth
Truth never damages a cause that is just.;Mahatma Gandhi;truth
Morality is the basis of things and truth is the substance of all morality.;Mahatma Gandhi;truth
The pursuit of truth does not permit violence on one's opponent.;Mahatma Gandhi;truth
I believe in the fundamental truth of all great religions of the world.;Mahatma Gandhi;truth
Yesterday we obeyed kings and bent our necks before emperors. But today we kneel only to truth, follow only beauty, and obey only love.;Khalil Gibran;truth
Non-violence and truth are inseparable and presuppose one another.;Mahatma Gandhi;truth
Exaggeration is truth that has lost its temper.;Khalil Gibran;truth
A liar begins with making falsehood appear like truth, and ends with making truth itself appear like falsehood.;William Shenstone;truth
Speak the truth, do not yield to anger give, if thou art asked for little by these three steps thou wilt go near the gods.;Confucius;truth
The goal of education is the advancement of knowledge and the dissemination of truth.;John F. Kennedy;truth
We should consider every day lost on which we have not danced at least once. And we should call every truth false which was not accompanied by at least one laugh.;Friedrich Nietzsche;truth
Every mind must make its choice between truth and repose. It cannot have both.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;truth
Say not, 'I have found the truth,' but rather, 'I have found a truth.';Khalil Gibran;truth
Nothing is beautiful, only man: on this piece of naivete rests all aesthetics, it is the first truth of aesthetics. Let us immediately add its second: nothing is ugly but degenerate man - the domain of aesthetic judgment is therewith defined.;Friedrich Nietzsche;truth
Truth is the property of no individual but is the treasure of all men.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;truth
Truth is handsomer than the affectation of love. Your goodness must have some edge to it, else it is none.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;truth
Rebellion without truth is like spring in a bleak, arid desert.;Khalil Gibran;truth
There is some self-interest behind every friendship. There is no friendship without self-interests. This is a bitter truth.;Chanakya;truth
Fiction reveals truth that reality obscures.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;truth
For though we love both the truth and our friends, piety requires us to honor the truth first.;Aristotle;truth
We have art in order not to die of the truth.;Friedrich Nietzsche;truth
I am sorry to think that you do not get a man's most effective criticism until you provoke him. Severe truth is expressed with some bitterness.;Henry David Thoreau;truth
Many a doctrine is like a window pane. We see truth through it but it divides us from truth.;Khalil Gibran;truth
The least initial deviation from the truth is multiplied later a thousandfold.;Aristotle;truth
One may sometimes tell a lie, but the grimace that accompanies it tells the truth.;Friedrich Nietzsche;truth
The object of the superior man is truth.;Confucius;truth
I never did give anybody hell. I just told the truth and they thought it was hell.;Harry S. Truman;truth
When virtue is lost, benevolence appears, when benevolence is lost right conduct appears, when right conduct is lost, expedience appears. Expediency is the mere shadow of right and truth it is the beginning of disorder.;Lao Tzu;truth
Piety requires us to honor truth above our friends.;Aristotle;truth
By and large, language is a tool for concealing the truth.;George Carlin;truth
Art is not merely an imitation of the reality of nature, but in truth a metaphysical supplement to the reality of nature, placed alongside thereof for its conquest.;Friedrich Nietzsche;truth
Convictions are more dangerous foes of truth than lies.;Friedrich Nietzsche;truth
A liar will not be believed, even when he speaks the truth.;Aesop;truth
The truth is, I've never fooled anyone. I've let men sometimes fool themselves.;Marilyn Monroe;truth
All truth is simple... is that not doubly a lie?;Friedrich Nietzsche;truth
Not when truth is dirty, but when it is shallow, does the enlightened man dislike to wade into its waters.;Friedrich Nietzsche;truth
It is not when truth is dirty, but when it is shallow, that the lover of knowledge is reluctant to step into its waters.;Friedrich Nietzsche;truth
Words are but symbols for the relations of things to one another and to us nowhere do they touch upon absolute truth.;Friedrich Nietzsche;truth
It is good to express a thing twice right at the outset and so to give it a right foot and also a left one. Truth can surely stand on one leg, but with two it will be able to walk and get around.;Friedrich Nietzsche;truth
In the consciousness of the truth he has perceived, man now sees everywhere only the awfulness or the absurdity of existence and loathing seizes him.;Friedrich Nietzsche;truth
Mystical explanations are thought to be deep the truth is that they are not even shallow.;Friedrich Nietzsche;truth
There are various eyes. Even the Sphinx has eyes: and as a result there are various truths, and as a result there is no truth.;Friedrich Nietzsche;truth
Truth is always in harmony with herself, and is not concerned chiefly to reveal the justice that may consist with wrong-doing.;Henry David Thoreau;truth
It's a complete lie, why do people buy these papers? It's not the truth I'm here to say. You know, don't judge a person, do not pass judgement, unless you have talked to them one on one. I don't care what the story is, do not judge them because it is a lie.;Michael Jackson;truth
Let us dream of tomorrow where we can truly love from the soul, and know love as the ultimate truth at the heart of all creation.;Michael Jackson;truth
It takes two to speak the truth: one to speak, and another to hear.;Henry David Thoreau;truth
No face which we can give to a matter will stead us so well at last as the truth. This alone wears well.;Henry David Thoreau;truth
The rarest quality in an epitaph is truth.;Henry David Thoreau;truth
The truth is that we can learn to condition our minds, bodies, and emotions to link pain or pleasure to whatever we choose. By changing what we link pain and pleasure to, we will instantly change our behaviors.;Tony Robbins;truth
The lawyer's truth is not Truth, but consistency or a consistent expediency.;Henry David Thoreau;truth
There are very few human beings who receive the truth, complete and staggering, by instant illumination. Most of them acquire it fragment by fragment, on a small scale, by successive developments, cellularly, like a laborious mosaic.;Anais Nin;truth
I'm supposed to have a Ph.D. on the subject of women. But the truth is I've flunked more often than not. I'm very fond of women I admire them. But, like all men, I don't understand them.;Frank Sinatra;truth
If religion were true, its followers would not try to bludgeon their young into an artificial conformity but would merely insist on their unbending quest for truth, irrespective of artificial backgrounds or practical consequences.;H. P. Lovecraft;truth
Only on paper has humanity yet achieved glory, beauty, truth, knowledge, virtue, and abiding love.;George Bernard Shaw;truth
The reason that fiction is more interesting than any other form of literature, to those who really like to study people, is that in fiction the author can really tell the truth without humiliating himself.;Jim Rohn;truth
But the attitude of faith is to let go, and become open to truth, whatever it might turn out to be.;Alan Watts;truth
Truth is, I'll never know all there is to know about you just as you will never know all there is to know about me. Humans are by nature too complicated to be understood fully. So, we can choose either to approach our fellow human beings with suspicion or to approach them with an open mind, a dash of optimism and a great deal of candour.;Tom Hanks;truth
Truth, like light, blinds. Falsehood, on the contrary, is a beautiful twilight that enhances every object.;Albert Camus;truth
The truth is, hardly any of us have ethical energy enough for more than one really inflexible point of honor.;George Bernard Shaw;truth
The trouble with lying and deceiving is that their efficiency depends entirely upon a clear notion of the truth that the liar and deceiver wishes to hide.;Hannah Arendt;truth
The truth is not for all men, but only for those who seek it.;Ayn Rand;truth
How can sincerity be a condition of friendship? A taste for truth at any cost is a passion which spares nothing.;Albert Camus;truth
Live truth instead of professing it.;Elbert Hubbard;truth
We learned about honesty and integrity - that the truth matters... that you don't take shortcuts or play by your own set of rules... and success doesn't count unless you earn it fair and square.;Michelle Obama;truth
The truth is that parents are not really interested in justice. They just want quiet.;Bill Cosby;truth
The Bible is one of the greatest blessings bestowed by God on the children of men. It has God for its author salvation for its end, and truth without any mixture for its matter. It is all pure.;John Locke;truth
A scientific truth does not triumph by convincing its opponents and making them see the light, but rather because its opponents eventually die and a new generation grows up that is familiar with it.;Max Planck;truth
The truth is, in order to get things like universal health care and a revamped education system, then someone is going to have to give up a piece of their pie so that someone else can have more.;Michelle Obama;truth
A lie told often enough becomes the truth.;Vladimir Lenin;truth
Music makes me high on stage, and that's the truth. It's like being almost addicted to music.;Jimi Hendrix;truth
A remark generally hurts in proportion to its truth.;Will Rogers;truth
A lot of people are afraid to tell the truth, to say no. That's where toughness comes into play. Toughness is not being a bully. It's having backbone.;Robert Kiyosaki;truth
If you ever injected truth into politics you have no politics.;Will Rogers;truth
The dream begins with a teacher who believes in you, who tugs and pushes and leads you to the next plateau, sometimes poking you with a sharp stick called 'truth'.;Dan Rather;truth
Enlightened leadership is spiritual if we understand spirituality not as some kind of religious dogma or ideology but as the domain of awareness where we experience values like truth, goodness, beauty, love and compassion, and also intuition, creativity, insight and focused attention.;Deepak Chopra;truth
Poetry is nearer to vital truth than history.;Plato;truth
Women must tell men always that they are the strong ones. They are the big, the strong, the wonderful. In truth, women are the strong ones. It is just my opinion, I am not a professor.;Coco Chanel;truth
I have been thinking that I would make a proposition to my Republican friends... that if they will stop telling lies about the Democrats, we will stop telling the truth about them.;Adlai E. Stevenson;truth
Love is the only reality and it is not a mere sentiment. It is the ultimate truth that lies at the heart of creation.;Rabindranath Tagore;truth
Wisdom is found only in truth.;Johann Wolfgang von Goethe;truth
Here's the thing with me and the religious thing. This is the flat-out truth: I find the religiosity and philosophy in the music. I don't find it anywhere else.;Bob Dylan;truth
Our heavenly Father understands our disappointment, suffering, pain, fear, and doubt. He is always there to encourage our hearts and help us understand that He's sufficient for all of our needs. When I accepted this as an absolute truth in my life, I found that my worrying stopped.;Charles Stanley;truth
The thing you fear most has no power. Your fear of it is what has the power. Facing the truth really will set you free.;Oprah Winfrey;truth
Any fool knows that bravado is always a cover-up for insecurity. That's the truth. And on that note, I'll say goodnight. God love you.;Bobby Darin;truth
To the living we owe respect, but to the dead we owe only the truth.;Voltaire;truth
Beauty is truth's smile when she beholds her own face in a perfect mirror.;Rabindranath Tagore;truth
Truth is the beginning of every good to the gods, and of every good to man.;Plato;truth
It is the nature of truth in general, as of some ores in particular, to be richest when most superficial.;Edgar Allan Poe;truth
Strike an average between what a woman thinks of her husband a month before she marries him and what she thinks of him a year afterward, and you will have the truth about him.;H. L. Mencken;truth
The truth is, sex doesn't mean that much to me now.;Lana Turner;truth
If you want to be thought a liar, always tell the truth.;Logan P. Smith;truth
Peace demands the most heroic labor and the most difficult sacrifice. It demands greater heroism than war. It demands greater fidelity to the truth and a much more perfect purity of conscience.;Thomas Merton;truth
Without accepting the fact that everything changes, we cannot find perfect composure. But unfortunately, although it is true, it is difficult for us to accept it. Because we cannot accept the truth of transience, we suffer.;Shunryu Suzuki;truth
Truth is something which can't be told in a few words. Those who simplify the universe only reduce the expansion of its meaning.;Anais Nin;truth
It's much easier for me to make major life, multi-million dollar decisions, than it is to decide on a carpet for my front porch. That's the truth.;Oprah Winfrey;truth
I told my wife the truth. I told her I was seeing a psychiatrist. Then she told me the truth: that she was seeing a psychiatrist, two plumbers, and a bartender.;Rodney Dangerfield;truth
Marilyn Monroe wasn't even her real name, Charles Manson isn't his real name, and now, I'm taking that to be my real name. But what's real? You can't find the truth, you just pick the lie you like the best.;Marilyn Manson;truth
The moment we begin to fear the opinions of others and hesitate to tell the truth that is in us, and from motives of policy are silent when we should speak, the divine floods of light and life no longer flow into our souls.;Elizabeth Cady Stanton;truth
It is hard to believe that a man is telling the truth when you know that you would lie if you were in his place.;H. L. Mencken;truth
Nothing is more noble, nothing more venerable than fidelity. Faithfulness and truth are the most sacred excellences and endowments of the human mind.;Marcus Tullius Cicero;truth
I know that campaigns can seem small, and even silly. Trivial things become big distractions. Serious issues become sound bites. And the truth gets buried under an avalanche of money and advertising. If you're sick of hearing me approve this message, believe me - so am I.;Barack Obama;truth
It is one of the severest tests of friendship to tell your friend his faults. So to love a man that you cannot bear to see a stain upon him, and to speak painful truth through loving words, that is friendship.;Henry Ward Beecher;truth
I am very fond of truth, but not at all of martyrdom.;Voltaire;truth
The truth is I love being alive. And I love feeling free. So if I can't have those things then I feel like a caged animal and I'd rather not be in a cage. I'd rather be dead. And it's real simple. And I think it's not that uncommon.;Angelina Jolie;truth
The central conservative truth is that it is culture, not politics, that determines the success of a society. The central liberal truth is that politics can change a culture and save it from itself.;Daniel Patrick Moynihan;truth
Some people think that the truth can be hidden with a little cover-up and decoration. But as time goes by, what is true is revealed, and what is fake fades away.;Ismail Haniyeh;truth
Everyone who knows me will know the truth, which is that my children come first in my life and that I would never harm any child.;Michael Jackson;truth
The essence of humanity's spiritual dilemma is that we evolved genetically to accept one truth and discovered another. Is there a way to erase the dilemma, to resolve the contradictions between the transcendentalist and the empiricist world views?;E. O. Wilson;truth
A man has to learn that he cannot command things, but that he can command himself that he cannot coerce the wills of others, but that he can mold and master his own will: and things serve him who serves Truth people seek guidance of him who is master of himself.;James Allen;truth
Art is a lie that makes us realize truth.;Pablo Picasso;truth
President Barack Obama has stood watch over the greatest job loss in modern American history. And that, my friends, is one inconvenient truth that will haunt this President throughout history.;Mitt Romney;truth
First and last, what is demanded of genius is love of truth.;Johann Wolfgang von Goethe;truth
It is my feeling that Time ripens all things with Time all things are revealed Time is the father of truth.;Francois Rabelais;truth
There's no truth anymore.;Johnny Depp;truth
A lot of guys go, 'Hey, Yog, say a Yogi-ism.' I tell 'em, 'I don't know any.' They want me to make one up. I don't make 'em up. I don't even know when I say it. They're the truth. And it is the truth. I don't know.;Yogi Berra;truth
I wanted to write about the moment when your addictions no longer hide the truth from you. When your whole life breaks down. That's the moment when you have to somehow choose what your life is going to be about.;Chuck Palahniuk;truth
If the truth contradicts deeply held beliefs, that is too bad.;Hans Eysenck;truth
Expectations are a form of first-class truth: If people believe it, it's true.;Bill Gates;truth
Doubt, indulged and cherished, is in danger of becoming denial but if honest, and bent on thorough investigation, it may soon lead to full establishment of the truth.;Ambrose Bierce;truth
The truth that is suppressed by friends is the readiest weapon of the enemy.;Robert Louis Stevenson;truth
Ah, well, the truth is always one thing, but in a way it's the other thing, the gossip, that counts. It shows where people's hearts lie.;Paul Scott;truth
I was like a boy playing on the sea-shore, and diverting myself now and then finding a smoother pebble or a prettier shell than ordinary, whilst the great ocean of truth lay all undiscovered before me.;Isaac Newton;truth
I tell you the truth, it is hard for a rich man to enter the kingdom of heaven. Again I tell you, it is easier for a camel to go through the eye of a needle than for a rich man to enter the kingdom of heaven.;Jesus Christ;truth
The truth is found when men are free to pursue it.;Franklin D. Roosevelt;truth
An unexciting truth may be eclipsed by a thrilling lie.;Aldous Huxley;truth
The sad truth is that most evil is done by people who never make up their minds to be good or evil.;Hannah Arendt;truth
Of course it's the same old story. Truth usually is the same old story.;Margaret Thatcher;truth
Bigotry tries to keep truth safe in its hand with a grip that kills it.;Rabindranath Tagore;truth
You wanna get the truth out of me, get me hammered.;Ron White;truth
It may not always be easy, convenient, or politically correct to stand for truth and right, but it is the right thing to do. Always.;M. Russell Ballard;truth
It seems that the first victim of an Obama campaign is the truth. It seems that the first victim of an Obama campaign is the truth.;Mitt Romney;truth
Nine times out of ten, in the arts as in life, there is actually no truth to be discovered there is only error to be exposed.;H. L. Mencken;truth
If truth is beauty, how come no one has their hair done in the library?;Lily Tomlin;truth
It is error only, and not truth, that shrinks from inquiry.;Thomas Paine;truth
To kill an error is as good a service as, and sometimes even better than, the establishing of a new truth or fact.;Charles Darwin;truth
I love you, and because I love you, I would sooner have you hate me for telling you the truth than adore me for telling you lies.;Pietro Aretino;truth
The truth is that there is only one terminal dignity - love. And the story of a love is not important - what is important is that one is capable of love. It is perhaps the only glimpse we are permitted of eternity.;Helen Hayes;truth
A half truth, like half a brick, is always more forcible as an argument than a whole one. It carries better.;Stephen Leacock;truth
He who does not bellow the truth when he knows the truth makes himself the accomplice of liars and forgers.;Charles Peguy;truth
No one can be happy who has been thrust outside the pale of truth. And there are two ways that one can be removed from this realm: by lying, or by being lied to.;Lucius Annaeus Seneca;truth
Friendless. Having no favors to bestow. Destitute of fortune. Addicted to utterance of truth and common sense.;Ambrose Bierce;truth
One of the peculiar sins of the twentieth century which we've developed to a very high level is the sin of credulity. It has been said that when human beings stop believing in God they believe in nothing. The truth is much worse: they believe in anything.;Malcolm Muggeridge;truth
Great is truth, but still greater, from a practical point of view, is silence about truth. By simply not mentioning certain subjects... totalitarian propagandists have influenced opinion much more effectively than they could have by the most eloquent denunciations.;Aldous Huxley;truth
We've used up a lot of bullets. And we talk about stimulus. But the truth is, we're running a federal deficit that's 9 percent of GDP. That is stimulative as all get out. It's more stimulative than any policy we've followed since World War II.;Warren Buffett;truth
Those thoughts are truth which guide us to beneficial interaction with sensible particulars as they occur, whether they copy these in advance or not.;William James;truth
Truth lives, in fact, for the most part on a credit system. Our thoughts and beliefs pass, so long as nothing challenges them, just as bank-notes pass so long as nobody refuses them.;William James;truth
It was one of those evenings when men feel that truth, goodness and beauty are one. In the morning, when they commit their discovery to paper, when others read it written there, it looks wholly ridiculous.;Aldous Huxley;truth
We should not pretend to understand the world only by the intellect. The judgement of the intellect is only part of the truth.;Carl Jung;truth
You shall know the truth, and the truth shall make you mad.;Aldous Huxley;truth
Truth is what works.;William James;truth
We have to live today by what truth we can get today and be ready tomorrow to call it falsehood.;William James;truth
It is not because the truth is too difficult to see that we make mistakes... we make mistakes because the easiest and most comfortable course for us is to seek insight where it accords with our emotions - especially selfish ones.;Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn;truth
To rise from error to truth is rare and beautiful.;Victor Hugo;truth
Let the future tell the truth, and evaluate each one according to his work and accomplishments. The present is theirs the future, for which I have really worked, is mine.;Nikola Tesla;truth
Man approaches the unattainable truth through a succession of errors.;Aldous Huxley;truth
Art is the lie that enables us to realize the truth.;Pablo Picasso;truth
The books that help you most are those which make you think that most. The hardest way of learning is that of easy reading but a great book that comes from a great thinker is a ship of thought, deep freighted with truth and beauty.;Pablo Neruda;truth
I went into the business for the money, and the art grew out of it. If people are disillusioned by that remark, I can't help it. It's the truth.;Charlie Chaplin;truth
Beyond a doubt truth bears the same relation to falsehood as light to darkness.;Leonardo da Vinci;truth
Proverbs are always platitudes until you have personally experienced the truth of them.;Aldous Huxley;truth
Truth is so obscure in these times, and falsehood so established, that, unless we love the truth, we cannot know it.;Blaise Pascal;truth
I am certain of nothing but the holiness of the heart's affections, and the truth of imagination.;John Keats;truth
Art is not a study of positive reality, it is the seeking for ideal truth.;John Ruskin;truth
Not being known doesn't stop the truth from being true.;Richard Bach;truth
If you seek truth you will not seek victory by dishonorable means, and if you find truth you will become invincible.;Epictetus;truth
I never gave anybody hell! I just told the truth and they thought it was hell.;Harry S. Truman;truth
Two qualities are indispensable: first, an intellect that, even in the darkest hour, retains some glimmerings of the inner light which leads to truth and second, the courage to follow this faint light wherever it may lead.;Karl Von Clausewitz;truth
'Men have forgotten this truth,' said the fox. 'But you must not forget it. You become responsible, forever, for what you have tamed.';Antoine de Saint-Exupery;truth
When you stretch the truth, watch out for the snapback.;Bill Copeland;truth
If there were only one truth, you couldn't paint a hundred canvases on the same theme.;Pablo Picasso;truth
Richard Nixon is a no good, lying bastard. He can lie out of both sides of his mouth at the same time, and if he ever caught himself telling the truth, he'd lie just to keep his hand in.;Harry S. Truman;truth
If you shut the door to all errors, truth will be shut out.;Rabindranath Tagore;truth
The first step toward finding God, Who is Truth, is to discover the truth about myself: and if I have been in error, this first step to truth is the discovery of my error.;Thomas Merton;truth
Religion is about turning untested belief into unshakable truth through the power of institutions and the passage of time.;Richard Dawkins;truth
A good novel tells us the truth about its hero but a bad novel tells us the truth about its author.;Gilbert K. Chesterton;truth
Wine comes in at the mouth And love comes in at the eye That's all we shall know for truth Before we grow old and die.;William Butler Yeats;truth
It is a melancholy truth that even great men have their poor relations.;Charles Dickens;truth
As a small businessperson, you have no greater leverage than the truth.;John Greenleaf Whittier;truth
We often want one thing and pray for another, not telling the truth even to the gods.;Lucius Annaeus Seneca;truth
Time discovers truth.;Lucius Annaeus Seneca;truth
But such is the irresistable nature of truth, that all it asks, and all it wants is the liberty of appearing.;Thomas Paine;truth
To be outspoken is easy when you do not wait to speak the complete truth.;Rabindranath Tagore;truth
For a creative writer possession of the 'truth' is less important than emotional sincerity.;George Orwell;truth
The truth is on the march and nothing will stop it.;Emile Zola;truth
The truth is a snare: you cannot have it, without being caught. You cannot have the truth in such a way that you catch it, but only in such a way that it catches you.;Soren Kierkegaard;truth
Mistakes are, after all, the foundations of truth, and if a man does not know what a thing is, it is at least an increase in knowledge if he knows what it is not.;Carl Jung;truth
God's truth judges created things out of love, and Satan's truth judges them out of envy and hatred.;Dietrich Bonhoeffer;truth
He that takes truth for his guide, and duty for his end, may safely trust to God's providence to lead him aright.;Blaise Pascal;truth
We all know that Art is not truth. Art is a lie that makes us realize the truth, at least the truth that is given to us to understand.;Pablo Picasso;truth
Everything deep is also simple and can be reproduced simply as long as its reference to the whole truth is maintained. But what matters is not what is witty but what is true.;Albert Schweitzer;truth
There really can be no peace without justice. There can be no justice without truth. And there can be no truth, unless someone rises up to tell you the truth.;Louis Farrakhan;truth
When I tell the truth, it is not for the sake of convincing those who do not know it, but for the sake of defending those that do.;William Blake;truth
The very concept of objective truth is fading out of the world. Lies will pass into history.;George Orwell;truth
A fact never went into partnership with a miracle. Truth scorns the assistance of wonders. A fact will fit every other fact in the universe, and that is how you can tell whether it is or is not a fact. A lie will not fit anything except another lie.;Robert Green Ingersoll;truth
Love is not a mere impulse, it must contain truth, which is law.;Rabindranath Tagore;truth
The discovery of truth is prevented more effectively, not by the false appearance things present and which mislead into error, not directly by weakness of the reasoning powers, but by preconceived opinion, by prejudice.;Arthur Schopenhauer;truth
We are either in the process of resisting God's truth or in the process of being shaped and molded by his truth.;Charles Stanley;truth
I am saddened by how people treat one another and how we are so shut off from one another and how we judge one another, when the truth is, we are all one connected thing. We are all from the same exact molecules.;Ellen DeGeneres;truth
Personality is only ripe when a man has made the truth his own.;Soren Kierkegaard;truth
Knowledge rests not upon truth alone, but upon error also.;Carl Jung;truth
We should not be so taken up in the search for truth, as to neglect the needful duties of active life for it is only action that gives a true value and commendation to virtue.;Marcus Tullius Cicero;truth
Only the broken-hearted know the truth about love.;Mason Cooley;truth
The truth is that sometimes it is hard even for me to recognize the Hillary Clinton that other people see.;Hillary Clinton;truth
If an eloquent speaker speak not the truth, is there a more horrid kind of object in creation?;Thomas Carlyle;truth
Nothing that was worthy in the past departs no truth or goodness realized by man ever dies, or can die.;Thomas Carlyle;truth
For, if a good speaker, never so eloquent, does not see into the fact, and is not speaking the truth of that - is there a more horrid kind of object in creation?;Thomas Carlyle;truth
Legends die hard. They survive as truth rarely does.;Helen Hayes;truth
No one can look back on his schooldays and say with truth that they were altogether unhappy.;George Orwell;truth
There is nothing so strong or safe in an emergency of life as the simple truth.;Charles Dickens;truth
However greatly we distrust the sincerity of those we converse with, yet still we think they tell more truth to us than to anyone else.;Francois de La Rochefoucauld;truth
Truth has no special time of its own. Its hour is now - always.;Albert Schweitzer;truth
Who never doubted, never half believed. Where doubt is, there truth is - it is her shadow.;Ambrose Bierce;truth
Above all, I would teach him to tell the truth Truth-telling, I have found, is the key to responsible citizenship. The thousands of criminals I have seen in 40 years of law enforcement have had one thing in common: Every single one was a liar.;J. Edgar Hoover;truth
Whatever satisfies the soul is truth.;Walt Whitman;truth
The truth of things is the chief nutriment of superior intellects.;Leonardo da Vinci;truth
Fiction is the truth inside the lie.;Stephen King;truth
Half a truth is better than no politics.;Gilbert K. Chesterton;truth
I have the terrible feeling that, because I am wearing a white beard and am sitting in the back of the theatre, you expect me to tell you the truth about something. These are the cheap seats, not Mount Sinai.;Orson Welles;truth
The best way to obtain truth and wisdom is not to ask from books, but to go to God in prayer, and obtain divine teaching.;Joseph Smith, Jr.;truth
Silence is the mother of truth.;Benjamin Disraeli;truth
Contradiction is not a sign of falsity, nor the lack of contradiction a sign of truth.;Blaise Pascal;truth
We know the truth, not only by the reason, but also by the heart.;Blaise Pascal;truth
Friendship at first sight, like love at first sight, is said to be the only truth.;Herman Melville;truth
To me a real patriot is like a real friend. Who's your real friend? It's the person who tells you the truth. That's who my real friends are. So, you know, I think as far as our country goes, we need more people who will do that.;Bill Maher;truth
Too much and too little wine. Give him none, he cannot find truth give him too much, the same.;Blaise Pascal;truth
Nothing gives rest but the sincere search for truth.;Blaise Pascal;truth
In matters of truth the fact that you don't want to publish something is, nine times out of ten, a proof that you ought to publish it.;Gilbert K. Chesterton;truth
Between falsehood and useless truth there is little difference. As gold which he cannot spend will make no man rich, so knowledge which cannot apply will make no man wise.;Samuel Johnson;truth
Romantic love is an illusion. Most of us discover this truth at the end of a love affair or else when the sweet emotions of love lead us into marriage and then turn down their flames.;Thomas Moore;truth
Something unpleasant is coming when men are anxious to tell the truth.;Benjamin Disraeli;truth
One truth stands firm. All that happens in world history rests on something spiritual. If the spiritual is strong, it creates world history. If it is weak, it suffers world history.;Albert Schweitzer;truth
Reality means you live until you die. The real truth is nobody wants reality.;Chuck Palahniuk;truth
Some counterfeits reproduce so very well the truth that it would be a flaw of judgment not to be deceived by them.;Francois de La Rochefoucauld;truth
In order to properly understand the big picture, everyone should fear becoming mentally clouded and obsessed with one small section of truth.;Xun Zi;truth
Truth is a demure lady, much too ladylike to knock you on your head and drag you to her cave. She is there, but people must want her, and seek her out.;William F. Buckley, Jr.;truth
That which you create in beauty and goodness and truth lives on for all time to come. Don't spend your life accumulating material objects that will only turn to dust and ashes.;Denis Waitley;truth
The truth is, I'm proud of the life I've lived so far, and though I've made my share of mistakes, I have no regrets.;Carly Fiorina;truth
There are only two ways of telling the complete truth - anonymously and posthumously.;Thomas Sowell;truth
It is a truth universally acknowledged, that a single man in possession of a good fortune, must be in want of a wife.;Jane Austen;truth
It does not require many words to speak the truth.;Chief Joseph;truth
Your days are short here this is the last of your springs. And now in the serenity and quiet of this lovely place, touch the depths of truth, feel the hem of Heaven. You will go away with old, good friends. And don't forget when you leave why you came.;Adlai E. Stevenson;truth
I believe there's an inner power that makes winners or losers. And the winners are the ones who really listen to the truth of their hearts.;Sylvester Stallone;truth
One must know oneself. If this does not serve to discover truth, it at least serves as a rule of life and there is nothing better.;Blaise Pascal;truth
The opposite of a fact is falsehood, but the opposite of one profound truth may very well be another profound truth.;Niels Bohr;truth
The enlightenment is under threat. So is reason. So is truth. So is science, especially in the schools of America.;Richard Dawkins;truth
Truth is the daughter of time, not of authority.;Francis Bacon;truth
This is the truth: as from a fire aflame thousands of sparks come forth, even so from the Creator an infinity of beings have life and to him return again.;Marcus Tullius Cicero;truth
So near is falsehood to truth that a wise man would do well not to trust himself on the narrow edge.;Marcus Tullius Cicero;truth
Nature has planted in our minds an insatiable longing to see the truth.;Marcus Tullius Cicero;truth
Justice and truth are too such subtle points that our tools are too blunt to touch them accurately.;Blaise Pascal;truth
One of the reasons people hate politics is that truth is rarely a politician's objective. Election and power are.;Cal Thomas;truth
Time is precious, but truth is more precious than time.;Benjamin Disraeli;truth
In everything truth surpasses the imitation and copy.;Marcus Tullius Cicero;truth
Though men are apt to flatter and exalt themselves with their great achievements, yet these are, in truth, very often owing not so much to design as chance.;Francois de La Rochefoucauld;truth
My parents, and librarians along the way, taught me about the space between words about the margins, where so many juicy moments of life and spirit and friendship could be found. In a library, you could find miracles and truth and you might find something that would make you laugh so hard that you get shushed, in the friendliest way.;Anne Lamott;truth
Today I bent the truth to be kind, and I have no regret, for I am far surer of what is kind than I am of what is true.;Robert Brault;truth
Like all dreamers, I mistook disenchantment for truth.;Jean-Paul Sartre;truth
Mental fight means thinking against the current, not with it. It is our business to puncture gas bags and discover the seeds of truth.;Virginia Woolf;truth
Justice is truth in action.;Benjamin Disraeli;truth
As long as I tell the truth I feel that nobody can touch me.;Henry Rollins;truth
I have always loved truth so passionately that I have often resorted to lying as a way of introducing it into the minds which were ignorant of its charms.;Giacomo Casanova;truth
I speak the truth not so much as I would, but as much as I dare, and I dare a little more as I grow older.;Michel de Montaigne;truth
What is earnest is not always true on the contrary, error is often more earnest than truth.;Benjamin Disraeli;truth
It is no great art to say something briefly when, like Tacitus, one has something to say when one has nothing to say, however, and none the less writes a whole book and makes truth into a liar - that I call an achievement.;Horace;truth
Falsehood is easy, truth so difficult.;George Eliot;truth
Truth has rough flavours if we bite it through.;George Eliot;truth
Find out who you are and be that person. That's what your soul was put on this Earth to be. Find that truth, live that truth and everything else will come.;Ellen DeGeneres;truth
Truth emerges more readily from error than from confusion.;Francis Bacon;truth
A writer's job is to tell the truth.;Andy Rooney;truth
Obama has no solutions. Obama has failed the country and its great citizens, and they don't like it when somebody such as myself speaks the truth about this - it hurts too much.;Donald Trump;truth
Falsehood has an infinity of combinations, but truth has only one mode of being.;Jean-Jacques Rousseau;truth
Opinions are made to be changed - or how is truth to be got at?;Lord Byron;truth
For truth is precious and divine, too rich a pearl for carnal swine.;Samuel Butler;truth
A day spent without the sight or sound of beauty, the contemplation of mystery, or the search of truth or perfection is a poverty-stricken day and a succession of such days is fatal to human life.;Lewis Mumford;truth
But what is Hope? Nothing but the paint on the face of Existence the least touch of truth rubs it off, and then we see what a hollow-cheeked harlot we have got hold of.;Lord Byron;truth
But whether it be dream or truth, to do well is what matters. If it be truth, for truth's sake. If not, then to gain friends for the time when we awaken.;Pedro Calderon de la Barca;truth
Truth is a good dog but always beware of barking too close to the heels of an error, lest you get your brains kicked out.;Francis Bacon;truth
For truth is always strange stranger than fiction.;Lord Byron;truth
Truth is so hard to tell, it sometimes needs fiction to make it plausible.;Francis Bacon;truth
Any fool can tell the truth, but it requires a man of some sense to know how to lie well.;Samuel Butler;truth
The dreamer can know no truth, not even about his dream, except by awaking out of it.;George Santayana;truth
Always speak the truth, think before you speak, and write it down afterwards.;Lewis Carroll;truth
It is a universal truth that the loss of liberty at home is to be charged to the provisions against danger, real or pretended, from abroad.;James Madison;truth
You know what the Englishman's idea of compromise is? He says, Some people say there is a God. Some people say there is no God. The truth probably lies somewhere between these two statements.;William Butler Yeats;truth
To the scientist there is the joy in pursuing truth which nearly counteracts the depressing revelations of truth.;H. P. Lovecraft;truth
If the Republicans will stop telling lies about the Democrats, we will stop telling the truth about them.;Adlai E. Stevenson;truth
I left in love, in laughter, and in truth, and wherever truth, love and laughter abide, I am there in spirit.;Bill Hicks;truth
Seldom, very seldom, does complete truth belong to any human disclosure seldom can it happen that something is not a little disguised, or a little mistaken.;Jane Austen;truth
All the principles of heaven and earth are living inside you. Life itself is truth, and this will never change. Everything in heaven and earth breathes. Breath is the thread that ties creation together.;Morihei Ueshiba;truth
It is more from carelessness about truth than from intentionally lying that there is so much falsehood in the world.;Samuel Johnson;truth
I think there ought to be a club in which preachers and journalists could come together and have the sentimentalism of the one matched with the cynicism of the other. That ought to bring them pretty close to the truth.;Reinhold Niebuhr;truth
Man can embody truth but he cannot know it.;William Butler Yeats;truth
A good man often appears gauche simply because he does not take advantage of the myriad mean little chances of making himself look stylish. Preferring truth to form, he is not constantly at work upon the facade of his appearance.;Alanis Morissette;truth
Believe those who are seeking the truth. Doubt those who find it.;Andre Gide;truth
I can prove anything by statistics except the truth.;George Canning;truth
Science is but an image of the truth.;Francis Bacon;truth
What I've discovered is that in art, as in music, there's a lot of truth-and then there's a lie. The artist is essentially creating his work to make this lie a truth, but he slides it in amongst all the others. The tiny little lie is the moment I live for, my moment. It's the moment that the audience falls in love.;Lady Gaga;truth
Tell the truth, but tell it slant.;Emily Dickinson;truth
Tell the truth. Sing with passion. Work with laughter. Love with heart. 'Cause that's all that matters in the end.;Kris Kristofferson;truth
A man must be both stupid and uncharitable who believes there is no virtue or truth but on his own side.;Joseph Addison;truth
There is never vulgarity in a whole truth, however commonplace. It may be unimportant or painful. It cannot be vulgar. Vulgarity is only in concealment of truth, or in affectation.;John Ruskin;truth
Poetry is the art of uniting pleasure with truth.;Samuel Johnson;truth
People will tell you anything but what they do is always the truth.;P. J. O'Rourke;truth
Science, my lad, is made up of mistakes, but they are mistakes which it is useful to make, because they lead little by little to the truth.;Jules Verne;truth
It is only a man's own fundamental thoughts that have truth and life in them. For it is these that he really and completely understands. To read the thoughts of others is like taking the remains of someone else's meal, like putting on the discarded clothes of a stranger.;Arthur Schopenhauer;truth
It seems a fantastic paradox, but it is nevertheless a most important truth, that no architecture can be truly noble which is not imperfect.;John Ruskin;truth
The truth is that life is delicious, horrible, charming, frightful, sweet, bitter, and that is everything.;Anatole France;truth
There is a tragic clash between Truth and the world. Pure undistorted truth burns up the world.;Nikolai Berdyaev;truth
The thing about black history is that the truth is so much more complex than anything you could make up.;Henry Louis Gates;truth
Chase after the truth like all hell and you'll free yourself, even though you never touch its coat tails.;Clarence Darrow;truth
The truth of our faith becomes a matter of ridicule among the infidels if any Catholic, not gifted with the necessary scientific learning, presents as dogma what scientific scrutiny shows to be false.;Thomas Aquinas;truth
The Bible may be the truth, but it is not the whole truth and nothing but the truth.;Samuel Butler;truth
There is no such source of error as the pursuit of truth.;Samuel Butler;truth
I think it better that in times like these a poet's mouth be silent, for in truth we have no gift to set a statesman right.;William Butler Yeats;truth
The key to wisdom is this - constant and frequent questioning, for by doubting we are led to question and by questioning we arrive at the truth.;Peter Abelard;truth
Representation of the world, like the world itself, is the work of men they describe it from their own point of view, which they confuse with the absolute truth.;Simone de Beauvoir;truth
The only way into truth is through one's own annihilation through dwelling a long time in a state of extreme and total humiliation.;Simone Weil;truth
The truth does not require a majority to prevail, ladies and gentlemen. The truth is its own power. The truth will out. Never forget that.;Rush Limbaugh;truth
The truth is that all men having power ought to be mistrusted.;James Madison;truth
Intense feeling too often obscures the truth.;Harry S. Truman;truth
We were talking about the space between us all and the people who hide themselves behind a wall of illusion. Never glimpse the truth - then it's far too late when they pass away.;George Harrison;truth
I tell you in truth: all men are Prophets or else God does not exist.;Jean-Paul Sartre;truth
The color of truth is gray.;Andre Gide;truth
Memory is a complicated thing, a relative to truth, but not its twin.;Barbara Kingsolver;truth
Before anything else, we need a new age of Enlightenment. Our present political systems must relinquish their claims on truth, justice and freedom and have to replace them with the search for truth, justice, freedom and reason.;Friedrich Durrenmatt;truth
What is truth? said jesting Pilate and would not stay for an answer.;Francis Bacon;truth
I hate newspapermen. They come into camp and pick up their camp rumors and print them as facts. I regard them as spies, which, in truth, they are.;William Tecumseh Sherman;truth
When you're caught up in the storm or, you know, just the turmoil of everything that there is another side and you do get through it. And you know, just standing by the truth and doing the right thing.;Amber Frey;truth
In order that all men may be taught to speak the truth, it is necessary that all likewise should learn to hear it.;Samuel Johnson;truth
All truth is not to be told at all times.;Samuel Butler;truth
Some men love truth so much that they seem to be in continual fear lest she should catch a cold on overexposure.;Samuel Butler;truth
It is by doubting that we come to investigate, and by investigating that we recognize the truth.;Peter Abelard;truth
Truth forever on the scaffold, wrong forever on the throne.;James Russell Lowell;truth
Dispassionate objectivity is itself a passion, for the real and for the truth.;Abraham Maslow;truth
Most people think that shadows follow, precede or surround beings or objects. The truth is that they also surround words, ideas, desires, deeds, impulses and memories.;Elie Wiesel;truth
Every legend, moreover, contains its residuum of truth, and the root function of language is to control the universe by describing it.;James A. Baldwin;truth
I am a lover of truth, a worshipper of freedom, a celebrant at the altar of language and purity and tolerance.;Stephen Fry;truth
Any truth is better than indefinite doubt.;Arthur Conan Doyle;truth
Truth is always strange, stranger than fiction.;Lord Byron;truth
I know how easy it is for one to stay well within moral, ethical, and legal bounds through the skillful use of words - and to thereby spin, sidestep, circumvent, or bend a truth completely out of shape. To that extent, we are all liars on numerous occasions.;Sidney Poitier;truth
It is dangerous for mortal beauty, or terrestrial virtue, to be examined by too strong a light. The torch of Truth shows much that we cannot, and all that we would not, see.;Samuel Johnson;truth
Every man has a right to utter what he thinks truth, and every other man has a right to knock him down for it. Martyrdom is the test.;Samuel Johnson;truth
Power is not sufficient evidence of truth.;Samuel Johnson;truth
Truth is powerful and it prevails.;Sojourner Truth;truth
The truth is of course is that there is no journey. We are arriving and departing all at the same time.;David Bowie;truth
Poetry is something to make us wiser and better, by continually revealing those types of beauty and truth, which God has set in all men's souls.;James Russell Lowell;truth
There is no truth. There is only perception.;Gustave Flaubert;truth
It does not require great learning to be a Christian and be convinced of the truth of the Bible. It requires only an honest heart and a willingness to obey God.;Albert Barnes;truth
I've been &amp am absurdly over-estimated. There are no supermen &amp I'm quite ordinary, &amp will say so whatever the artistic results. In that point I'm one of the few people who tell the truth about myself.;T. E. Lawrence;truth
Defending the truth is not something one does out of a sense of duty or to allay guilt complexes, but is a reward in itself.;Simone de Beauvoir;truth
But now I have come to believe that the whole world is an enigma, a harmless enigma that is made terrible by our own mad attempt to interpret it as though it had an underlying truth.;Umberto Eco;truth
A writer should have this little voice inside of you saying, Tell the truth. Reveal a few secrets here.;Quentin Tarantino;truth
Technology has advanced more in the last thirty years than in the previous two thousand. The exponential increase in advancement will only continue. Anthropological Commentary The opposite of a trivial truth is false the opposite of a great truth is also true.;Niels Bohr;truth
We must never be afraid to go too far, for truth lies beyond.;Marcel Proust;truth
There are few things in which we deceive ourselves more than in the esteem we profess to entertain for our firends. It is little better than a piece of quackery. The truth is, we think of them as we please, that is, as they please or displease us.;William Hazlitt;truth
Humanism was not wrong in thinking that truth, beauty, liberty, and equality are of infinite value, but in thinking that man can get them for himself without grace.;Simone Weil;truth
I believe that ignorance is the root of all evil. And that no one knows the truth.;Molly Ivins;truth
The lowest form of popular culture - lack of information, misinformation, disinformation, and a contempt for the truth or the reality of most people's lives - has overrun real journalism. Today, ordinary Americans are being stuffed with garbage.;Carl Bernstein;truth
We are free to yield to truth.;Horace;truth
Anyone entrusted with power will abuse it if not also animated with the love of truth and virtue, no matter whether he be a prince, or one of the people.;Jean de La Fontaine;truth
It is one thing to show a man that he is in an error, and another to put him in possession of the truth.;John Locke;truth
Perhaps it is a universal truth that the loss of liberty at home is to be charged to provisions against danger, real or pretended, from abroad.;James Madison;truth
I put forward formless and unresolved notions, as do those who publish doubtful questions to debate in the schools, not to establish the truth but to seek it.;Michel de Montaigne;truth
Freedom and order are not incompatible... truth is strength... free discussion is the very life of truth.;Thomas Huxley;truth
Don't let your special character and values, the secret that you know and no one else does, the truth - don't let that get swallowed up by the great chewing complacency.;Aesop;truth
An honest man speaks the truth, though it may give offence a vain man, in order that it may.;William Hazlitt;truth
In fact men will fight for a superstition quite as quickly as for a living truth - often more so, since a superstition is so intangible you cannot get at it to refute it, but truth is a point of view, and so is changeable.;Hypatia;truth
There are new words now that excuse everybody. Give me the good old days of heroes and villains, the people you can bravo or hiss. There was a truth to them that all the slick credulity of today cannot touch.;Bette Davis;truth
When we believe ourselves in possession of the only truth, we are likely to be indifferent to common everyday truths.;Eric Hoffer;truth
It is possible to be a master in false philosophy, easier, in fact, than to be a master in the truth, because a false philosophy can be made as simple and consistent as one pleases.;George Santayana;truth
The greatest homage we can pay to truth, is to use it.;James Russell Lowell;truth
Once to every person and nation come the moment to decide. In the conflict of truth with falsehood, for the good or evil side.;James Russell Lowell;truth
Hip-hop reflects the truth, and the problem is that hip-hop exposes a lot of the negative truth that society tries to conceal. It's a platform where we could offer information, but it's also an escape.;Busta Rhymes;truth
Irony regards every simple truth as a challenge.;Mason Cooley;truth
I guess I'm pretty much of a lone wolf. I don't say I don't like people at all, but, to tell you the truth, I only like it then if I have a chance to look deep into their hearts and their minds.;Bela Lugosi;truth
It is in our idleness, in our dreams, that the submerged truth sometimes comes to the top.;Virginia Woolf;truth
The truth does not change according to our ability to stomach it.;Flannery O'Connor;truth
The man who cannot endure to have his errors and shortcomings brought to the surface and made known, but tries to hide them, is unfit to walk the highway of truth.;James Allen;truth
And, after all, what is a lie? 'Tis but the truth in a masquerade.;Alexander Pope;truth
Know then this truth, enough for man to know virtue alone is happiness below.;Alexander Pope;truth
It is the merit of a general to impart good news, and to conceal the truth.;Sophocles;truth
Death is delightful. Death is dawn, The waking from a weary night Of fevers unto truth and light.;James Russell Lowell;truth
Truth, after all, wears a different face to everybody, and it would be too tedious to wait till all were agreed.;James Russell Lowell;truth
One is certain of nothing but the truth of one's own emotions.;E. M. Forster;truth
The truth is cruel, but it can be loved, and it makes free those who have loved it.;George Santayana;truth
When I can look life in the eyes, grown calm and very coldly wise, life will have given me the truth, and taken in exchange - my youth.;Sara Teasdale;truth
The truth doesn't have to do with cruelty, the truth has to do with mercy.;Ken Kesey;truth
You cannot do anything without God.It's a profound and elemental truth. Not, you cannot do most things without God. You will not be able to do anything that you want, truly, in fulfillment, without God.;Marco Rubio;truth
All truth, in the long run, is only common sense clarified.;Thomas Huxley;truth
Time, whose tooth gnaws away everything else, is powerless against truth.;Thomas Huxley;truth
Humor is something that thrives between man's aspirations and his limitations. There is more logic in humor than in anything else. Because, you see, humor is truth.;Victor Borge;truth
If history and science have taught us anything, it is that passion and desire are not the same as truth.;E. O. Wilson;truth
The words of truth are simple.;Aeschylus;truth
What does it matter how one comes by the truth so long as one pounces upon it and lives by it?;Henry Miller;truth
The Teutons have been singing the swan song ever since they entered the ranks of history. They have always confounded truth with death.;Henry Miller;truth
Some scenes you juggle two balls, some scenes you juggle three balls, some scenes you can juggle five balls. The key is always to speak in your own voice. Speak the truth. That's Acting 101. Then you start putting layers on top of that.;John Burroughs;truth
Using the power you derive from the discovery of the truth about racism in South Africa, you will help us to remake our part of the world into a corner of the globe on which all - of which all of humanity can be proud.;Oliver Tambo;truth
The world is indeed a mixture of truth and make-believe. Discard the make-believe and take the truth.;Ramakrishna;truth
You know what the critics are. If you tell the truth they only say you're cynical and it does an author no good to get a reputation for cynicism.;W. Somerset Maugham;truth
Too much truth is uncouth.;Franklin P. Adams;truth
The simple truth is that balding African-American men look cool when they shave their heads, whereas balding white men look like giant thumbs.;Dave Barry;truth
What the imagination seizes as beauty must be truth.;John Keats;truth
Science has fulfilled her function when she has ascertained and enunciated truth.;Thomas Huxley;truth
The more rapidly truth is spread among mankind the better it will be for them. Only let us be sure that it is the truth.;Thomas Huxley;truth
Ecclesiasticism in science is only unfaithfulness to truth.;Thomas Huxley;truth
Let's not be afraid to speak the common sense truth: you can't have high standards without good discipline.;William Hague;truth
A lie would have no sense unless the truth were felt dangerous.;Alfred Adler;truth
The best mind-altering drug is the truth.;Lily Tomlin;truth
All religion seems to need to prove that it's the only truth. And that's where it turns demonic. Because that's when you get religious wars and persecutions and burning heretics at the stake.;John Shelby Spong;truth
Myths and creeds are heroic struggles to comprehend the truth in the world.;Ansel Adams;truth
Reason is a supple nymph, and slippery as a fish by nature. She had as leave give her kiss to an absurdity any day, as to syllogistic truth. The absurdity may turn out truer.;David Herbert Lawrence;truth
Anyone can tell the truth, but only very few of us can make epigrams.;W. Somerset Maugham;truth
Fiction is a kind of compassion-generating machine that saves us from sloth. Is life kind or cruel? Yes, Literature answers. Are people good or bad? You bet, says Literature. But unlike other systems of knowing, Literature declines to eradicate one truth in favor of another.;George Saunders;truth
I have come to believe that the whole world is an enigma, a harmless enigma that is made terrible by our own mad attempt to interpret it as though it had an underlying truth.;Umberto Eco;truth
There is something wonderful in seeing a wrong-headed majority assailed by truth.;John Kenneth Galbraith;truth
One column of truth cannot hold an institution of ideas from falling into ignorance. It is wiser that a person of prudence and purpose save his strength for battles that can be won.;Bryant H. McGill;truth
As scarce as truth is, the supply has always been in excess of the demand.;Josh Billings;truth
When you have eliminated the impossible, whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth.;Arthur Conan Doyle;truth
Let a man get up and say, Behold, this is the truth, and instantly I perceive a sandy cat filching a piece of fish in the background. Look, you have forgotten the cat, I say.;Virginia Woolf;truth
The greatest friend of truth is Time, her greatest enemy is Prejudice, and her constant companion is Humility.;Charles Caleb Colton;truth
We live in a world of denial, and we don't know what the truth is anymore.;Javier Bardem;truth
There are certain persons for whom pure Truth is a poison.;Andre Maurois;truth
If we are to take for the criterion of truth the majority of suffrages, they ought to be gotten from those philosophic and patriotic citizens who cultivate their reason.;James Madison;truth
It is proof of a base and low mind for one to wish to think with the masses or majority, merely because the majority is the majority. Truth does not change because it is, or is not, believed by a majority of the people.;Giordano Bruno;truth
To tell the truth is to become beautiful, to begin to love yourself, value yourself. And that's political, in its most profound way.;June Jordan;truth
Materialism coarsens and petrifies everything, making everything vulgar, and every truth false.;Henri Frederic Amiel;truth
It is an old maxim of mine that when you have excluded the impossible, whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth.;Arthur Conan Doyle;truth
No one should ever say that it was my ignorance if I did or showed forth anything however small according to God's good pleasure but let this be your conclusion and let it so be thought, that - as is the perfect truth - it was the gift of God.;Saint Patrick;truth
It's essential to tell the truth at all times. This will reduce life's pain. Lying distorts reality. All forms of distorted thinking must be corrected.;John Bradshaw;truth
The truth is the Super Bowl long ago became more than just a football game. It's part of our culture like turkey at Thanksgiving and lights at Christmas, and like those holidays beyond their meaning, a factor in our economy.;Bob Schieffer;truth
The chief ingredients in the composition of those qualities that gain esteem and praise, are good nature, truth, good sense, and good breeding.;Joseph Addison;truth
Competence, like truth, beauty, and contact lenses, is in the eye of the beholder.;Laurence J. Peter;truth
To be a writer does not mean to preach a truth, it means to discover a truth.;Milan Kundera;truth
Bad taste is simply saying the truth before it should be said.;Mel Brooks;truth
The exact contrary of what is generally believed is often the truth.;Jean de la Bruyere;truth
Yet it is in our idleness, in our dreams, that the submerged truth sometimes comes to the top.;Virginia Woolf;truth
The truth is, I often like women. I like their unconventionality. I like their completeness. I like their anonymity.;Virginia Woolf;truth
Tragedy is like strong acid - it dissolves away all but the very gold of truth.;David Herbert Lawrence;truth
Justice is rather the activity of truth, than a virtue in itself. Truth tells us what is due to others, and justice renders that due. Injustice is acting a lie.;Horace Walpole;truth
To love our neighbor as ourselves is such a truth for regulating human society, that by that alone one might determine all the cases in social morality.;John Locke;truth
One unerring mark of the love of truth is not entertaining any proposition with greater assurance than the proofs it is built upon will warrant.;John Locke;truth
I want to be distinguished from the rest to tell the truth, a friend to all mankind is not a friend for me.;Moliere;truth
I cringe at backstory. Because it never quite explains or gets into some psychological thing that is never quite right and never quite the truth and who knows why someone is some way.;Steve Martin;truth
Let my name stand among those who are willing to bear ridicule and reproach for the truth's sake, and so earn some right to rejoice when the victory is won.;Louisa May Alcott;truth
My dad raised me with some good advice: 'Always tell the truth. Always shoot from the hip. You might not have many friends, but you'll never have enemies, because people will always know where you're coming from.';Pink;truth
Truth, when not sought after, rarely comes to light.;Oliver Wendell Holmes;truth
There is nothing so agonizing to the fine skin of vanity as the application of a rough truth.;Edward G. Bulwer-Lytton;truth
But one of the things I learned is that when you fight for something you believe in and you tell the truth and you do your best, you can always hold your head up high and no one can take that away from you.;Vanessa Kerry;truth
I read less and less. I have not forgiven books for their failure to tell me the truth and make me happy.;Mason Cooley;truth
Enhance and intensify one's vision of that synthesis of truth and beauty which is the highest and deepest reality.;Ovid;truth
Power is domination, control, and therefore a very selective form of truth which is a lie.;Wole Soyinka;truth
I am aware that a philosopher's ideas are not subject to the judgment of ordinary persons, because it is his endeavour to seek the truth in all things, to the extent permitted to human reason by God.;Nicolaus Copernicus;truth
To have the truth in your possession you can be found guilty, sentenced to death.;Peter Tosh;truth
It is a clear truth that those who every day barter away other men's liberty will soon care little for their own.;James Otis;truth
How dreadful knowledge of the truth can be when there's no help in the truth.;Sophocles;truth
Humility is truth.;Desiderius Erasmus;truth
The greatest truth is honesty, and the greatest falsehood is dishonesty.;Abu Bakr;truth
My illness has taught me something about the nature of humanity, love, brotherhood and relationships that I never understood, and probably never would have. So, from that standpoint, there is some truth and good in everything.;Lee Atwater;truth
Clouds and darkness surround us, yet Heaven is just, and the day of triumph will surely come, when justice and truth will be vindicated.;Mary Todd Lincoln;truth
Art is magic delivered from the lie of being truth.;Theodor Adorno;truth
There are only two things. Truth and lies. Truth is indivisible, hence it cannot recognize itself anyone who wants to recognize it has to be a lie.;Franz Kafka;truth
Where all is but dream, reasoning and arguments are of no use, truth and knowledge nothing.;John Locke;truth
Rumi, who is one of the greatest Persian poets, said that the truth was a mirror in the hands of God. It fell, and broke into pieces. Everybody took a piece of it, and they looked at it and thought they had the truth.;Mohsen Makhmalbaf;truth
The truth is in nature, and I shall prove it.;Paul Cezanne;truth
Heresies are experiments in man's unsatisfied search for truth.;H. G. Wells;truth
Force is as pitiless to the man who possesses it, or thinks he does, as it is to its victims the second it crushes, the first it intoxicates. The truth is, nobody really possesses it.;Simone Weil;truth
Those who never retract their opinions love themselves more than they love the truth.;Joseph Joubert;truth
Justice is the truth in action.;Joseph Joubert;truth
Truth is often the favorite tool of those who deceive.;Bryant H. McGill;truth
What is man's ultimate direction in life? It is to look for love, truth, virtue, and beauty.;Shinichi Suzuki;truth
It is a puzzling thing. The truth knocks on the door and you say, 'Go away, I'm looking for the truth,' and so it goes away. Puzzling.;Robert M. Pirsig;truth
Let us begin by committing ourselves to the truth to see it like it is, and tell it like it is, to find the truth, to speak the truth, and to live the truth.;Richard M. Nixon;truth
Truth is not only violated by falsehood it may be equally outraged by silence.;Henri Frederic Amiel;truth
I'm actually a very honest person, and sometimes I end up like, 'Man, I said too much.' It's hard for me not to tell the truth when you ask me.;Drake;truth
How often have I said to you that when you have eliminated the impossible, whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth?;Arthur Conan Doyle;truth
Violence does, in truth, recoil upon the violent, and the schemer falls into the pit which he digs for another.;Arthur Conan Doyle;truth
I guess rumors are more exciting than the truth.;Venus Williams;truth
The American fascists are most easily recognized by their deliberate perversion of truth and fact. Their newspapers and propaganda carefully cultivate every fissure of disunity, every crack in the common front against fascism.;Henry A. Wallace;truth
Veiling truth in mystery.;Virgil;truth
A bad manner spoils everything, even reason and justice a good one supplies everything, gilds a No, sweetens a truth, and adds a touch of beauty to old age itself.;Baltasar Gracian;truth
So far as hypotheses are concerned, let no one expect anything certain from astronomy, which cannot furnish it, lest he accept as the truth ideas conceived for another purpose, and depart from this study a greater fool than when he entered it.;Nicolaus Copernicus;truth
No human being is constituted to know the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth and even the best of men must be content with fragments, with partial glimpses, never the full fruition.;William Osler;truth
When truth has no burning, then it is philosophy, when it gets burning from the heart, it becomes poetry.;Muhammad Iqbal;truth
It is a great mystery that though the human heart longs for Truth, in which alone it finds liberation and delight, the first reaction of human beings to Truth is one of hostility and fear!;Anthony de Mello;truth
A new untruth is better than an old truth.;Oliver Wendell Holmes;truth
The truth is often a terrible weapon of aggression. It is possible to lie, and even to murder, with the truth.;Alfred Adler;truth
The sea - this truth must be confessed - has no generosity. No display of manly qualities - courage, hardihood, endurance, faithfulness - has ever been known to touch its irresponsible consciousness of power.;Joseph Conrad;truth
Truth is confirmed by inspection and delay falsehood by haste and uncertainty.;Tacitus;truth
The truth may be out there, but lies are inside your head.;Terry Pratchett;truth
From principles is derived probability, but truth or certainty is obtained only from facts.;Tom Stoppard;truth
When you want to fool the world, tell the truth.;Otto von Bismarck;truth
Champagne, if you are seeking the truth, is better than a lie detector. It encourages a man to be expansive, even reckless, while lie detectors are only a challenge to tell lies successfully.;Graham Greene;truth
You never find yourself until you face the truth.;Pearl Bailey;truth
Life is an unfoldment, and the further we travel the more truth we can comprehend. To understand the things that are at our door is the best preparation for understanding those that lie beyond.;Hypatia;truth
In dreams the truth is learned that all good works are done in the absence of a caress.;Leonard Cohen;truth
Many speak the truth when they say that they despise riches, but they mean the riches possessed by others.;Charles Caleb Colton;truth
But the hour cometh, and now is, when the true worshippers shall worship the Father in spirit and in truth: for the Father seeketh such to worship him. God is a spirit: and they that worship him must worship him in spirit and in truth.;Albert Pike;truth
The teller of a mirthful tale has latitude allowed him. We are content with less than absolute truth.;Charles Lamb;truth
Rough work, iconoclasm, but the only way to get at truth.;Oliver Wendell Holmes;truth
The dictum that truth always triumphs over persecution is one of the pleasant falsehoods which men repeat after one another till they pass into commonplaces, but which all experience refutes.;John Stuart Mill;truth
Art has a double face, of expression and illusion, just like science has a double face: the reality of error and the phantom of truth.;Publilius Syrus;truth
Without the way, there is no going without the truth, there is no knowing without the life, there is no living.;Thomas a Kempis;truth
A caricature is putting the face of a joke on the body of a truth.;Joseph Conrad;truth
Truth often suffers more by the heat of its defenders than the arguments of its opposers.;William Penn;truth
Nothing does reason more right, than the coolness of those that offer it: For Truth often suffers more by the heat of its defenders, than from the arguments of its opposers.;William Penn;truth
A priest is he who lives solely in the realm of the invisible, for whom all that is visible has only the truth of an allegory.;Karl Wilhelm Friedrich Schlegel;truth
There are sadistic scientists who hurry to hunt down errors instead of establishing the truth.;Marie Curie;truth
When I grew up, in Taiwan, the Korean War was seen as a good war, where America protected Asia. It was sort of an extension of World War II. And it was, of course, the peak of the Cold War. People in Taiwan were generally proAmerican. The Korean War made Japan. And then the Vietnam War made Taiwan. There is some truth to that.;Ang Lee;truth
A lot of people in the media, and some everyday people, really aren't in search of the truth. They're in search of something worse than that. Money, yeah. I think the media's the kind of a thing where the truth doesn't win, because it's no fun. The truth's no fun.;Jack White;truth
Since obscenity is the truth of our passion today, it is the only stuff of art - or almost the only stuff.;David Herbert Lawrence;truth
All vital truth contains the memory of all that for which it is not true.;David Herbert Lawrence;truth
I pefer an ugly truth to a pretty lie. If someone is telling me the truth that is when I will give my heart.;Shakira;truth
But if you want to know the truth, the weirdest thing that has happened has been my discovery that people who attend the conventions are filled with love.;William Shatner;truth
A dog barks when his master is attacked. I would be a coward if I saw that God's truth is attacked and yet would remain silent.;Pearl S. Buck;truth
Truth is inseperable from the illusory belief that from the figures of the unreal one day, in spite of all, real deliverance will come.;Theodor Adorno;truth
A pencil and rubber are of more use to thought than a battalion of assistants. To happiness the same applies as to truth: one does not have it, but is in it.;Theodor Adorno;truth
The price of being close to the President is delivering bad news. You fail him if you don't tell him the truth. Others won't do it.;Donald Rumsfeld;truth
We all have a social mask, right? We put it on, we go out, put our best foot forward, our best image. But behind that social mask is a personal truth, what we really, really believe about who we are and what we're capable of.;Phil McGraw;truth
The first holy truth in God 101 is that men and women of true faith have always had to accept the mystery of God's identity and love and ways. I hate that, but it's the truth.;Anne Lamott;truth
Popular opinions, on subjects not palpable to sense, are often true, but seldom or never the whole truth.;John Stuart Mill;truth
Truth may be stretched, but cannot be broken, and always gets above falsehood, as does oil above water.;Miguel de Cervantes;truth
The pursuit of truth will set you free even if you never catch up with it.;Clarence Darrow;truth
Man's mind is so formed that it is far more susceptible to falsehood than to truth.;Desiderius Erasmus;truth
I'll continue to try and balance like a circus act. And I will just fight to always tell the truth. Even if it's difficult.;Katy Perry;truth
The truth is balance. However the opposite of truth, which is unbalance, may not be a lie.;Susan Sontag;truth
If any man seeks for greatness, let him forget greatness and ask for truth, and he will find both.;Horace Mann;truth
Scientific truth is marvelous, but moral truth is divine and whoever breathes its air and walks by its light has found the lost paradise.;Horace Mann;truth
Even if I accepted that Jesus - like almost every other prophet on record - was born of a virgin, I cannot think that this proves the divinity of his father or the truth of his teachings. The same would be true if I accepted that he had been resurrected.;Christopher Hitchens;truth
Truth is on the side of the oppressed.;Malcolm X;truth
A rusty nail placed near a faithful compass, will sway it from the truth, and wreck the argosy.;Walter Scott;truth
Sometimes I dread the truth of the lines I say. But the dread must never show.;Vivien Leigh;truth
They whom truth and wisdom lead, can gather honey from a weed.;William Cowper;truth
Truth is a tendency.;R. Buckminster Fuller;truth
Truth uttered before its time is always dangerous.;Mencius;truth
While President Bush likes to project an image of strength and courage, the real truth is that in the presence of his large financial contributors, he is a moral coward.;Al Gore;truth
In seeking truth you have to get both sides of a story.;Walter Cronkite;truth
The universal medicine for the Soul is the Supreme Reason and Absolute Justice for the mind, mathematical and practical Truth for the body, the Quintessence, a combination of light and gold.;Albert Pike;truth
Truth makes on the ocean of nature no one track of light every eye, looking on, finds its own.;Edward G. Bulwer-Lytton;truth
Enthusiasm is the genius of sincerity and truth accomplishes no victories without it.;Edward G. Bulwer-Lytton;truth
Your experiences will be yours alone. But truth and best friendship will rarely if ever disappoint you.;Anne Lamott;truth
The truth has never been of any real value to any human being - it is a symbol for mathematicians and philosophers to pursue. In human relations kindness and lies are worth a thousand truths.;Graham Greene;truth
The truth is, I had always wanted to be a comedian, but I really didn't have that kind of personality, and it's a terrifying thing to say.;Jerry Seinfeld;truth
Everything you add to the truth subtracts from the truth.;Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn;truth
Photography is truth. The cinema is truth twenty-four times per second.;Jean-Luc Godard;truth
You must accept the truth from whatever source it comes.;Maimonides;truth
Most people live in a myth and grow violently angry if anyone dares to tell them the truth about themselves.;Robert Anton Wilson;truth
Fame - a few words upon a tombstone, and the truth of those not to be depended on.;Christian Nestell Bovee;truth
Until we have a better relationship between private performance and the public truth, as was demonstrated with Watergate, we as the public are absolutely right to remain suspicious, contemptuous even, of the secrecy and the misinformation which is the digest of our news.;John le Carre;truth
It is difficult to discriminate the voice of truth from amid the clamor raised by heated partisans.;Friedrich Schiller;truth
The truth is, the secular world isn't too enamored with Jesus. And they're not too enamored with someone who is leading people to Jesus. So if you're out there talking about people's sins, and you're talking about righteousness, you will get pushback. Jesus Himself did. The apostles did. I mean, there's persecution all up and down the line.;Pat Robertson;truth
The truth is that we live out our lives putting off all that can be put off perhaps we all know deep down that we are immortal and that sooner or later all men will do and know all things.;Jorge Luis Borges;truth
Philosophy is a kind of journey, ever learning yet never arriving at the ideal perfection of truth.;Albert Pike;truth
One of the sublimest things in the world is plain truth.;Edward G. Bulwer-Lytton;truth
Logic is the technique by which we add conviction to truth.;Jean de la Bruyere;truth
Perhaps the truth depends on a walk around the lake.;Wallace Stevens;truth
Truth is the silliest thing under the sun. Try to get a living by the Truth and go to the Soup Societies. Heavens! Let any clergyman try to preach the Truth from its very stronghold, the pulpit, and they would ride him out of his church on his own pulpit bannister.;Herman Melville;truth
Truth uncompromisingly told will always have its ragged edges.;Herman Melville;truth
When one is frightened of the truth then it is never the whole truth that one has an inkling of.;Ludwig Wittgenstein;truth
Do the things you know, and you shall learn the truth you need to know.;Louisa May Alcott;truth
Truth comes out in wine.;Pliny the Elder;truth
I can take any truth just don't lie to me.;Barbra Streisand;truth
Not everyone can see the truth, but he can be it.;Franz Kafka;truth
Perhaps the mission of those who love mankind is to make people laugh at the truth, to make truth laugh, because the only truth lies in learning to free ourselves from insane passion for the truth.;Umberto Eco;truth
Humor is always based on a modicum of truth. Have you ever heard a joke about a father-in-law?;Dick Clark;truth
Telling the truth, and confronting the challenge, is what politics is about.;Johann Lamont;truth
The Bible must be considered as the great source of all the truth by which men are to be guided in government as well as in all social transactions.;Noah Webster;truth
Truth is not a matter of fact but a state of harmony with progress and hope. Enveloped only in its wings will we ever soar to the promise of our greater selves.;Bryant H. McGill;truth
To any artist, worthy of the name, all in nature is beautiful, because his eyes, fearlessly accepting all exterior truth, read there, as in an open book, all the inner truth.;Auguste Rodin;truth
I don't want to tell President Obama how to make a speech. He's a much better speech maker than I am. But I think always to tell the truth in a sometimes blatant way, even though it might be temporarily unpopular, is the best approach.;Jimmy Carter;truth
Alas! they had been friends in youth but whispering tongues can poison truth.;Samuel Taylor Coleridge;truth
Truth should not be forced it should simply manifest itself, like a woman who has in her privacy reflected and coolly decided to bestow herself upon a certain man.;John Updike;truth
Truth indeed rather alleviates than hurts, and will always bear up against falsehood, as oil does above water.;Miguel de Cervantes;truth
For above all things Love means sweetness, and truth, and measure yea, loyalty to the loved one and to your word. And because of this I dare not meddle with so high a matter.;Marie de France;truth
Truth is in things, and not in words.;Herman Melville;truth
Remember, as long as you live, that nothing but strict truth can carry you through the world, with either your conscience or your honor unwounded.;Lord Chesterfield;truth
The secular elites are so terrified of telling the truth about radical Islam. When you talk about the radical Islamists, we have got to get straight and get serious and talk about it in the right way.;Newt Gingrich;truth
The truth of the matter is that you always know the right thing to do. The hard part is doing it.;Norman Schwarzkopf;truth
It shows the truth - that the real meaning of a word is only as powerful or harmless as the emotion behind it.;Sarah Silverman;truth
I don't want any yes-men around me. I want everybody to tell me the truth even if it costs them their job.;Samuel Goldwyn;truth
I want everyone to tell me the truth, even if it costs him his job.;Samuel Goldwyn;truth
The first casualty when war comes is truth.;Hiram Johnson;truth
By means of microscopic observation and astronomical projection the lotus flower can become the foundation for an entire theory of the universe and an agent whereby we may perceive Truth.;Yukio Mishima;truth
I believe that the people, instead of pretty lies, should be told the truth, no matter how ugly it may be. What can we do, destiny hasn't been kind to us but, with the help of God, we will prevail.;Alija Izetbegovic;truth
Truth always originates in a minority of one, and every custom begins as a broken precedent.;Will Durant;truth
An error is the more dangerous in proportion to the degree of truth which it contains.;Henri Frederic Amiel;truth
Listen friends, you have to face the truth: You are never going to be rich... The system is rigged in favor of the few, and your name is not among them, not now and not ever.;Michael Moore;truth
Be calm in arguing for fierceness makes error a fault, and truth discourtesy.;George Herbert;truth
If you tell the truth about how you're feeling, it becomes funny.;Larry David;truth
The said truth is that it is the greatest happiness of the greatest number that is the measure of right and wrong.;Jeremy Bentham;truth
The first ingredient in conversation is truth, the next good sense, the third good humor, and the fourth wit.;William Temple;truth
If I can get you to laugh with me, you like me better, which makes you more open to my ideas. And if I can persuade you to laugh at the particular point I make, by laughing at it you acknowledge its truth.;John Cleese;truth
The truth doesn't hurt unless it ought to.;B. C. Forbes;truth
The truth is that our way of celebrating the Christmas season does spring from myriad cultures and sources, from St. Nicholas to Coca-Cola advertising campaigns.;Richard Roeper;truth
Fear prophets and those prepared to die for the truth, for as a rule they make many others die with them, often before them, at times instead of them.;Umberto Eco;truth
The fear of being deceived is the vulgar version of the quest for Truth.;Emile M. Cioran;truth
Our understanding of the world around us is constantly being redefined and expanded, and so therefore, it is wiser to be passionate about seeking for truth than knowing it.;Bryant H. McGill;truth
There is little more powerful than when truth joins action.;Bryant H. McGill;truth
The reason for the sadness of this modern age and the men who live in it is that it looks for the truth in everything and finds it.;Edmond de Goncourt;truth
You can hate me. You can go out there and say anything you want about me, But you will love me later because I told you the truth.;Mary J. Blige;truth
The truth knocks on the door and you say, go away, I'm looking for the truth, and it goes away. Puzzling.;Robert M. Pirsig;truth
Words can be said in bitterness and anger, and often there seems to be an element of truth in the nastiness. And words don't go away, they just echo around.;Jane Goodall;truth
A judgment about life has no meaning except the truth of the one who speaks last, and the mind is at ease only at the moment when everyone is shouting at once and no one can hear a thing.;Georges Bataille;truth
It is unfortunate, considering that enthusiasm moves the world, that so few enthusiasts can be trusted to speak the truth.;Arthur Balfour;truth
Books and all forms of writing are terror to those who wish to suppress the truth.;Wole Soyinka;truth
Our job is to represent the truth of human nature, whether you're playing a tender love story that's set in a coffee shop or whether you're in 'The Avengers,' which is set in a Manhattan which is exploding.;Tom Hiddleston;truth
I see that the path of progress has never taken a straight line, but has always been a zigzag course amid the conflicting forces of right and wrong, truth and error, justice and injustice, cruelty and mercy.;Kelly Miller;truth
Don't try to tear down other people's religion about their ears, Build up your own perfect structure of truth, and invite your listeners to enter in and enjoy it's glories.;Brigham Young;truth
People say they love truth, but in reality they want to believe that which they love is true.;Robert J. Ringer;truth
Somewhere between the intellectual idea of why we're attracted to certain things and the pragmatic reality is some form of ever-evolving truth.;Billy Corgan;truth
I want to go to bed richer than when I woke up. The pursuit of wealth is a wonderful thing, but the thing is you have to be honest about it, you have to tell the truth.;Kevin O'Leary;truth
The time has come to tell the truth about the corruption of the government employee unions in this country.;Newt Gingrich;truth
To me, horror is when I see somebody lying. I mean a person I know. A friend. And he's telling me something that I accept. And then suddenly, as he or she is telling it, there's something that gives them away. They're not telling me the truth.;Jonathan Frid;truth
Wallow too much in sensitivity and you can't deal with life, or the truth.;Neal Boortz;truth
People should be free, people should be unencumbered by regulation as much as possible, that big government always goes corrupt and the truth shall always set you free.;Glenn Beck;truth
It is a simple but sometimes forgotten truth that the greatest enemy to present joy and high hopes is the cultivation of retrospective bitterness.;Robert Menzies;truth
Truth springs from argument amongst friends.;David Hume;truth
Truth titillates the imagination far less than fiction.;Marquis de Sade;truth
If you're going to tell people the truth, be funny or they'll kill you.;Billy Wilder;truth
This is the way of peace: Overcome evil with good, falsehood with truth, and hatred with love.;Peace Pilgrim;truth
Only when we realize that there is no eternal, unchanging truth or absolute truth can we arouse in ourselves a sense of intellectual responsibility.;Hu Shih;truth
Death comes in a flash, and that's the truth of it, the person's gone in less than 24 frames of film.;Martin Scorsese;truth
Happiness is spiritual, born of truth and love. It is unselfish therefore it cannot exist alone, but requires all mankind to share it.;Mary Baker Eddy;truth
I always come from truth.;Tiger Woods;truth
I am a lie who always speaks the truth.;Jean Cocteau;truth
I hate talking about music, to tell you the truth.;Brian Eno;truth
If we bring not the good courage of minds covetous of truth, and truth only, prepared to hear all things, and decide upon all things, according to evidence, we should do more wisely to sit down contented in ignorance, than to bestir ourselves only to reap disappointment.;Frances Wright;truth
Always tell the truth - it's the easiest thing to remember.;David Mamet;truth
The truth is an ambition which is beyond us.;Peter Ustinov;truth
The truth is really an ambition which is beyond us.;Peter Ustinov;truth
Because you're not what I would have you be, I blind myself to who, in truth, you are.;Madeleine L'Engle;truth
God help us from those who believe that they are the sole possessors of truth. How we manage at times to agree willingly to become prisoners within our own minds and souls of beliefs and ideas on which we can never be flexible.;King Hussein I;truth
Because no matter what you say in life, the truth will always be the truth. You know when someone is telling the truth, you look in the eyes. I have a tendency to believe people.;Jean Claude Van Damme;truth
Of all liars the most arrogant are biographers: those who would have us believe, having surveyed a few boxes full of letters, diaries, bank statements and photographs, that they can play at the recording angel and tell the whole truth about another human life.;A. N. Wilson;truth
The truth is lived, not taught.;Hermann Hesse;truth
I'm one of those people you hate because of genetics. It is the truth.;Brad Pitt;truth
To become properly acquainted with a truth, we must first have disbelieved it, and disputed against it.;Novalis;truth
Comedy has to be based on truth. You take the truth and you put a little curlicue at the end.;Sid Caesar;truth
For truth has such a face and such a mien, as to be loved needs only to be seen.;John Dryden;truth
Any person seasoned with a just sense of the imperfections of natural reason, will fly to revealed truth with the greatest avidity.;David Hume;truth
To tell the truth is revolutionary.;Antonio Gramsci;truth
No matter how difficult and painful it may be, nothing sounds as good to the soul as the truth.;Martha Beck;truth
Argument is conclusive, but it does not remove doubt, so that the mind may rest in the sure knowledge of the truth, unless it finds it by the method of experiment.;Roger Bacon;truth
I have followed holiness, I have taught truth, and I have been most in the main things not that I thought the things concerning our times little, but that I thought none could do anything to purpose in God's great and public matters, till they were right in their conditions.;Donald Cargill;truth
Risk! Risk anything! Care no more for the opinions of others, for those voices. Do the hardest thing on earth for you. Act for yourself. Face the truth.;Katherine Mansfield;truth
Let us be a little humble let us think that the truth may not perhaps be entirely with us.;Jawaharlal Nehru;truth
I was not out to paint beautiful pictures even painting good pictures was not important to me. I wanted only to help the truth burst forth.;Alice Miller;truth
Every therapeutic cure, and still more, any awkward attempt to show the patient the truth, tears him from the cradle of his freedom from responsibility and must therefore reckon with the most vehement resistance.;Alfred Adler;truth
Pure truth cannot be assimilated by the crowd it must be communicated by contagion.;Henri Frederic Amiel;truth
Country music is three chords and the truth.;Harlan Howard;truth
Truth cannot be defeated.;Edwin Louis Cole;truth
One must be very particular about telling the truth. Through truth one can realize God.;Ramakrishna;truth
The poet is a liar who always speaks the truth.;Jean Cocteau;truth
Pithy sentences are like sharp nails which force truth upon our memory.;Denis Diderot;truth
Three chords and the truth - that's what a country song is.;Willie Nelson;truth
It's my experience that you really can't lose when you try the truth.;Sharon Stone;truth
I take work very seriously and telling the truth in my job and professionalism.;Brittany Murphy;truth
Truth is the ultimate power. When the truth comes around, all the lies have to run and hide.;Ice Cube;truth
The search for the truth is not for the faint hearted.;Vincent D'Onofrio;truth
Never underestimate people. They do desire the cut of truth.;Natalie Goldberg;truth
Evil is the interruption of a truth by the pressure of particular or individual interests.;Alain Badiou;truth
The Dharma is the truth that all natures are pure.;Bodhidharma;truth
I remember how being young and black and gay and lonely felt. A lot of it was fine, feeling I had the truth and the light and the key, but a lot of it was purely hell.;Audre Lorde;truth
Everybody now admits that apartheid was wrong, and all I did was tell the people who wanted to know where I come from how we lived in South Africa. I just told the world the truth. And if my truth then becomes political, I can't do anything about that.;Miriam Makeba;truth
Architecture is the reaching out for the truth.;Louis Kahn;truth
I believe in God, family, truth between people, the power of love.;Michael Landon;truth
The sad truth is that the civil rights movement cannot be reborn until we identify the causes of black suffering, some of them self-inflicted. Why can't black leaders organize rallies around responsible sexuality, birth within marriage, parents reading to their children and students staying in school and doing homework?;Henry Louis Gates;truth
I'll come to you with gifts of knowledge, wisdom and truth.;Barry White;truth
The oppressed peoples can liberate themselves only through struggle. This is a simple and clear truth confirmed by history.;Kim Il-sung;truth
When I saw corruption, I was forced to find truth on my own. I couldn't swallow the hypocrisy.;Barry White;truth
I have discovered the art of deceiving diplomats. I tell them the truth and they never believe me.;Camillo di Cavour;truth
Do not love leisure. Waste not a minute. Be bold. Realize the Truth, here and now!;Swami Sivananda;truth
I will make a bargain with the Republicans. If they will stop telling lies about Democrats, we will stop telling the truth about them.;Adlai Stevenson;truth
I'm a person that just likes to speak the truth, and I don't understand why in America it's such a big deal that we won't read the Koran and we won't look at history.;Pat Robertson;truth
Some artists shrink from self-awareness, fearing that it will destroy their unique gifts and even their desire to create. The truth of the matter is quite opposite.;James Broughton;truth
Some people are desperately looking for scapegoats, they just don't want to see the truth!;Jonathan Davis;truth
Poetry is a political act because it involves telling the truth.;June Jordan;truth
Truth engenders hatred of truth. As soon as it appears, it is the enemy.;Tertullian;truth
There are lots of people out there who think they know the truth about God and religion, but does anybody really know for sure? That's why the founding fathers built freedom of religious belief into the structure of this nation, so that everybody could make up their minds for themselves.;Jesse Ventura;truth
In the process of telling the truth about what you feel or what you see, each of us has to get in touch with himself or herself in a really deep, serious way.;June Jordan;truth
Gradually I came to realize that people will more readily swallow lies than truth, as if the taste of lies was homey, appetizing: a habit.;Martha Gellhorn;truth
Let me get you to understand I don't bully anybody. I stand up for what I believe in and I'm very honest and I always tell the truth. I'm not a liar, I'm not manipulative and I don't stab you in your back because I will stab you in your chest.;NeNe Leakes;truth
The truth is that many people set rules to keep from making decisions.;Mike Krzyzewski;truth
The Pledge of Allegiance reflects the truth that faith in God has played a significant role in America since the days of the founding of our country.;Randy Neugebauer;truth
Every so often, I feel I should graduate to classical music, properly. But the truth is, I'm more likely to listen to rock music.;Tony Blair;truth
Not that I regret saying what I believed to be the truth, but I regret anything that I might have written or spoken that could have been used in a way to help to foster that atmosphere out of which came the loss of life of Brother Malcolm.;Louis Farrakhan;truth
Attempting to get at truth means rejecting stereotypes and cliches.;Harold Evans;truth
OK, so truth hurts - but what else does truth do?;Teena Marie;truth
A biblical false prophet was a servant of the devil attempting to lead people away from the truth.;Walter Martin;truth
There is no excuse for perjury - never, never, never. There is truth, and the truth demands respect.;Kenneth Starr;truth
Truth is exact correspondence with reality.;Paramahansa Yogananda;truth
There are two ways of lying. One, not telling the truth and the other, making up statistics.;Josefina Vazquez Mota;truth
The second one, the joint Truth and Friendship Commission, which we started now with Indonesia, that is the one that has been criticized its terms of reference call for providing amnesty for those who cooperate in telling the truth. It does not lead to prosecution.;Jose Ramos-Horta;truth
Not every truth is the better for showing its face undisguised and often silence is the wisest thing for a man to heed.;Pindar;truth
The truth is that men are tired of liberty.;Benito Mussolini;truth
Everybody in America is soft, and hates conflict. The cure for this, both in politics and social life, is the same - hardihood. Give them raw truth.;John Jay Chapman;truth
Beauty is but the sensible image of the Infinite. Like truth and justice it lives within us like virtue and the moral law it is a companion of the soul.;George Bancroft;truth
There is no original truth, only original error.;Gaston Bachelard;truth
In order to maintain an untenable position, you have to be actively ignorant. One motto on the show is, 'Keep your facts, I'm going with the truth.';Stephen Colbert;truth
The truth of the matter is, beauty is a specific thing, rare and fleeting. Some of us have it in our teens, 20s and 30s and then lose it most of us have it not at all. And that's perfectly okay. But lying to yourself that you have it when you don't seems to me simple-minded at best and psychotic at worst.;Julie Burchill;truth
We are volcanoes. When we women offer our experience as our truth, as human truth, all the maps change. There are new mountains.;Ursula K. Le Guin;truth
Then I despair... I remember that all through history, the way of truth and love has always won. There have been murderers and tyrants, and for a time they can seem invincible. But in the end they always fall. Think of it always.;Andre Malraux;truth
The logic of the world is prior to all truth and falsehood.;Ludwig Wittgenstein;truth
It is only through such real-life daily struggles and challenges that a genuine sensitivity to human rights can be inculcated. This is a truth that is not limited to school education: it applies to all of us.;Daisaku Ikeda;truth
Ideas are, in truth, force.;Henry James;truth
The truth is, I wrote a novel when I was 23. It's hideously bad. Truly rotten.;Sloane Crosley;truth
Man has gone long enough, or even too long, without being man enough to face the simple truth that the trouble with man is man.;James Thurber;truth
It's funny. People often compare me to other humor essayists. They're usually quite nice comparisons I will accept those gladly. But I am always sort of appalled at the idea of being lumped with other, more chick-y female writers. And the truth is probably that neither comparison is accurate.;Sloane Crosley;truth
In order to create lasting security you must learn to stand in your truth.;Suze Orman;truth
Be truthful, nature only sides with truth.;Adolf Loos;truth
Truth is not a matter of personal viewpoint.;Vernon Howard;truth
These years in silence and reflection made me stronger and reminded me that acceptance has to come from within and that this kind of truth gives me the power to conquer emotions I didn't even know existed.;Ricky Martin;truth
The truth is often terrifying, which I think is one of the motifs of Larry and Andrew's cinema. The cost of knowledge is an important theme. In the second and third films, they explore the consequences of Neo's choice to know the truth. It's a beautiful, beautiful story.;Keanu Reeves;truth
In every truth, the beneficiaries of a system cannot be expected to destroy it.;A. Philip Randolph;truth
This is my truth, tell me yours.;Aneurin Bevan;truth
I wish I had coined the phrase 'tyranny of choice,' but someone beat me to it. The counterintuitive truth is that have an abundance of options does not make you feel privileged and indulged too many options make you feel like all of them are wrong, and that you are wrong if you choose any of them.;Susan Orlean;truth
Every day I try to do breathing exercises, meditation, and yoga. These things sound awfully cliche, but they help me slow down and try to point to a truth.;David Duchovny;truth
The source of all the material comes from nothingness, illusion is working more on things you can prove. That's the principle, the essence of life, it is actually an illusion, not immaterial. That's worth pursuing. So illusion is not nothing. In a way, that is the truth.;Ang Lee;truth
I think no artist can claim to have any access to the truth, or an authentic version of an event. But obviously they have slightly better means at their disposal because they have their art to energize whatever it is they're trying to write about. They have music.;Thom Yorke;truth
The most powerful element in advertising is the truth.;William Bernbach;truth
Losing an illusion makes you wiser than finding a truth.;Ludwig Borne;truth
I never told a victim story about my imprisonment. Instead, I told a transformation story - about how prison changed my outlook, about how I saw that communication, truth, and trust are at the heart of power.;Fernando Flores;truth
Children say that people are hung sometimes for speaking the truth.;Joan of Arc;truth
Truth in philosophy means that concept and external reality correspond.;Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel;truth
The sad truth is that without complex business partnerships between African elites and European traders and commercial agents, the slave trade to the New World would have been impossible, at least on the scale it occurred.;Henry Louis Gates;truth
The day will come, however, when they will truly know the Unification Church and me. The day will come when the truth will be known and the message of love will be taught. On that day, their regret will be deep.;Sun Myung Moon;truth
He who begins by loving Christianity more than Truth, will proceed by loving his sect or church better than Christianity, and end in loving himself better than all.;Samuel Taylor Coleridge;truth
In all science, error precedes the truth, and it is better it should go first than last.;Hugh Walpole;truth
Reclaiming the word 'fat' was the most empowering step in my progress. I stopped using it for insult or degradation and instead replaced it with truth, because the truth is that I am fat, and that's ok. So now when someone calls me fat, I agree, whereas before I would get embarrassed and emotional.;Beth Ditto;truth
Truth is tough. It will not break, like a bubble, at the touch, nay, you may kick it about all day like a football, and it will be round and full at evening.;Oliver Wendell Holmes, Jr.;truth
I pray God I may never be brought to the melancholy trial but, if ever I should, it will then be known how far I can reduce to practice principles which I know to be founded in truth.;James Otis;truth
Girls are taught to sing high and pretty, like Antony, not low and from the guts like Nina Simone. But we're slowly trying to change that. There are so many things we're not told growing up, and it's our true feminist responsibility to take the truth to the people who need to hear it.;Beth Ditto;truth
A friend said to me, 'Be glad for your troubles - they strengthen you.' Well, if that's the truth, I'm going to be so strong they'll have to beat me to death!;Sonia Johnson;truth
The Assembly has witnessed over the last weeks how historical truth is established once an allegation has been repeated a few times, it is no longer an allegation, it is an established fact, even if no evidence has been brought out in order to support it.;Dag Hammarskjold;truth
In seeking absolute truth we aim at the unattainable and must be content with broken portions.;William Osler;truth
There are, in truth, no specialties in medicine, since to know fully many of the most important diseases a man must be familiar with their manifestations in many organs.;William Osler;truth
I'm not a tough guy. I'm just delivering the truth and only the truth and if you can't deal with it, too bad.;Kevin O'Leary;truth
One is a child when one has a child. No one says, 'You will never be the same again.' Which is the truth! And we're all supposed to be happy all the time. What is that about?;Emma Thompson;truth
I will be as harsh as truth, and uncompromising as justice... I am in earnest, I will not equivocate, I will not excuse, I will not retreat a single inch, and I will be heard.;William Lloyd Garrison;truth
I think Hollywood has a class system. The actors are like the inmates, but the truth is they're running the asylum.;Robert De Niro;truth
All stories should have some honesty and truth in them, otherwise you're just playing about.;Nigel Kneale;truth
The genuine truth, and I do think about this a lot, is that I'm one of the least competitive people you'll ever meet. Except with myself.;Daniel Craig;truth
Some minds remain open long enough for the truth not only to enter but to pass on through by way of a ready exit without pausing anywhere along the route.;Elizabeth Kenny;truth
I know what I like in other actors: truth. That's the best. It makes you say, 'OK, I'll go with you on this.';Daniel Craig;truth
The three-year-old who lies about taking a cookie isn't really a liar after all. He simply can't control his impulses. He then convinces himself of a new truth and, eager for your approval, reports the version that he knows will make you happy.;Cathy Rindner Tempelsman;truth
I perceived how that it was impossible to establish the lay people in any truth except the Scripture were plainly laid before their eyes in their mother tongue.;William Tyndale;truth
People often ask, why aren't you reading about what it is you're working on right now? And the truth is, you only get three pages a night before your eyelids close.;David Petraeus;truth
I am in the present. I cannot know what tomorrow will bring forth. I can know only what the truth is for me today. That is what I am called upon to serve, and I serve it in all lucidity.;Igor Stravinsky;truth
There is nothing so powerful as truth, and often nothing so strange.;Daniel Webster;truth
A lot of journalism wants to have what they call objectivity without them having a commitment to pursuing the truth, but that doesn't work. Objectivity requires belief in and a commitment toward pursuing the truth - having an object outside of our personal point of view.;Nate Silver;truth
The truth is, I don't have any problem with journalists - I count some of them as friends - also some of my heroes are journalists, I'm a big fan of Robert Fisk - great people or crazy people who are prepared to stand up for what's right.;Daniel Craig;truth
I am not politically correct. I am all about the facts, I am all about the truth and I am all about Godly pursuits and what this country was built on, and I am not apologetic about it.;Luke Scott;truth
Everything will line up perfectly when knowing and living the truth becomes more important than looking good.;Alan Cohen;truth
Remember, I come from such an excessively overdone, red-carpet place called Hollywood. So I'm used to people blowing up their success in ways that are far above and beyond the truth.;Shirley MacLaine;truth
My longing for truth was a single prayer.;Edith Stein;truth
To be afraid is to behave as if the truth were not true.;Bayard Rustin;truth
The art of storytelling is reaching its end because the epic side of truth, wisdom, is dying out.;Walter Benjamin;truth
Prayer is the spirit speaking truth to Truth.;Philip James Bailey;truth
Only in men's imagination does every truth find an effective and undeniable existence. Imagination, not invention, is the supreme master of art as of life.;Joseph Conrad;truth
Truth of a modest sort I can promise you, and also sincerity. That complete, praiseworthy sincerity which, while it delivers one into the hands of one's enemies, is as likely as not to embroil one with one's friends.;Joseph Conrad;truth
Establishing an equilibrium between the Islam of truth and Islam as an identity is one of the most difficult tasks of religious intellectuals.;Abdolkarim Soroush;truth
A new scientific truth does not triumph by convincing its opponents and making them see the light, but rather because its opponents eventually die, and a new generation grows up that is familiar with it.;Max Planck;truth
A gaffe is when a politician tells the truth.;Michael Kinsley;truth
Truth will rise above falsehood as oil above water.;Miguel de Cervantes;truth
Mom spent the time that she was supposed to be a kid actully raising children, her younger brother and younger sister. She was tough as nails and did not suffer fools at all. And the truth was she could not afford to. She spoke the truth, bluntly, directly, and without much varnish. I am her son.;Chris Christie;truth
If the reporter has killed our imagination with his truth, he threatens our life with his lies.;Karl Kraus;truth
The truth, the absolute truth, is that the chief beauty for the theatre consists in fine bodily proportions.;Sarah Bernhardt;truth
A gaffe in Washington is someone telling the truth, and telling the truth has never hurt me.;Joe Biden;truth
Exactitude is not truth.;Henri Matisse;truth
Pain reaches the heart with electrical speed, but truth moves to the heart as slowly as a glacier.;Barbara Kingsolver;truth
I'm someone who believes the truth needs to be heard. And if I'm empowered with the truth, I'm not going to shut up.;Scott Ritter;truth
This truth is a remedy against spiritual pride, namely, that none should account himself better before God than others, though perhaps adorned with greater gifts, and endowments.;Johann Arndt;truth
I came here to tell you the truth, the good, the bad and the ugly.;Oliver North;truth
Language is the house of the truth of Being.;Martin Heidegger;truth
I don't know much about creative writing programs. But they're not telling the truth if they don't teach, one, that writing is hard work, and, two, that you have to give up a great deal of life, your personal life, to be a writer.;Doris Lessing;truth
Art is nothing but the expression of our dream the more we surrender to it the closer we get to the inner truth of things, our dream-life, the true life that scorns questions and does not see them.;Franz Marc;truth
It is terrible to destroy a person's picture of himself in the interests of truth or some other abstraction.;Doris Lessing;truth
Eternal truth, eternal righteousness, eternal love these only can triumph, for these only can endure.;Joseph Barber Lightfoot;truth
To attempt seeing Truth without knowing Falsehood. It is the attempt to see the Light without knowing the Darkness. It cannot be.;Frank Herbert;truth
People always love and respect characters who speak the truth, even if the truth hurts.;David Duchovny;truth
I've worked for 55 years. I'm going to take a little time off, to tell you the truth. It's just that now in the last couple of weeks, Gelman is pouring it on. 'Farewell to Regis!' It's getting embarrassing.;Regis Philbin;truth
A gift of truth is the gift of love.;David Icke;truth
Argument is meant to reveal the truth, not to create it.;Edward de Bono;truth
Time is the father of truth, its mother is our mind.;Giordano Bruno;truth
If there is one eternal truth of politics, it is that there are always a dozen good reasons for doing nothing.;John le Carre;truth
I'm interested in trying to explore what I think is the truth at a given time in my life, and part of the process of being honest is - in my mind - talking about the idea that you're watching a movie. You're sitting here watching a movie. And I like that. It appeals to me intellectually, and also in a way I can't even explain.;Charlie Kaufman;truth
The word theatre comes from the Greeks. It means the seeing place. It is the place people come to see the truth about life and the social situation.;Stella Adler;truth
What is truth? Truth doesn't really exist. Who is going to judge whether my experience of an incident is more valid than yours? No one can be trusted to be the judge of that.;Tracey Emin;truth
A great truth is a truth whose opposite is also a truth.;Thomas Mann;truth
Well, the truth is that a lot of people lie about their health, they lie about the finances, they lie about things at work, they lie about things.;Laura Schlessinger;truth
Getting rid of a delusion makes us wiser than getting hold of a truth.;Ludwig Borne;truth
The design of Rhetoric is to remove those Prejudices that lie in the way of Truth, to Reduce the Passions to the Government of Reasons to place our Subject in a Right Light, and excite our Hearers to a due consideration of it.;Mary Astell;truth
A petty reason perhaps why novelists more and more try to keep a distance from journalists is that novelists are trying to write the truth and journalists are trying to write fiction.;Graham Greene;truth
Tell the truth and shame the devil.;Francois Rabelais;truth
No human being will ever know the Truth, for even if they happen to say it by chance, they would not even known they had done so.;Xenophanes;truth
Comedy is a way to make sense of chaos. It's a way of dealing with things that are overwhelming, that threaten you it's a way to survive and get closer to the truth.;Laura Linney;truth
There is no man more dangerous, in a position of power, than he who refuses to accept as a working truth the idea that all a man does should make for rightness and soundness, that even the fixing of a tariff rate must be moral.;Ida Tarbell;truth
Light is meaningful only in relation to darkness, and truth presupposes error. It is these mingled opposites which people our life, which make it pungent, intoxicating. We only exist in terms of this conflict, in the zone where black and white clash.;Louis Aragon;truth
I've thought for the last decade or so, the only actual place raw truth was seeping through in newspapers was on the Comics Pages. They were able to pull off intelligent social comment, pure truths not found elsewhere in the news pages, and had the ability to make it all funny, entertaining, and pertinent.;Elayne Boosler;truth
Only the dreamer shall understand realities, though in truth his dreaming must be not out of proportion to his waking.;Margaret Fuller;truth
Whatever feminists may say about their only advocating choices, everyone knows the truth: Feminism regards work outside the home as more elevating, honorable, and personally productive than full-time mothering and making a home.;Dennis Prager;truth
The Apology opened the opportunity for a new relationship based on mutual respect and mutual responsibility between Indigenous and non-Indigenous Australia. Because without mutual respect and mutual responsibility, the truth is we can achieve very little.;Kevin Rudd;truth
Truth is life's most precious commodity.;Edwin Louis Cole;truth
There is one thing even more vital to science than intelligent methods and that is, the sincere desire to find out the truth, whatever it may be.;Charles Pierce;truth
I never apologize for the truth. And the truth here is that racists come in many different colors.;Kinky Friedman;truth
The defendant wants to hide the truth because he's generally guilty. The defense attorney's job is to make sure the jury does not arrive at that truth.;Alan Dershowitz;truth
One must always try to see the truth of a situation - it makes things universal.;V. S. Naipaul;truth
Truth comes to us mediated by human love.;A. N. Wilson;truth
The guy keeps making speeches about redistribution and maybe we ought to do something to businesses that don't invest, their holding too much money. We haven't heard that kind of talk except from pure socialists. Everybody's afraid of the government and there's no need soft peddling it, it's the truth. It is the truth.;Steve Wynn;truth
I don't think you can tell the objective truth about a person. That's why people write novels.;A. N. Wilson;truth
Buonaparte has often made his boast that our fleet would be worn out by keeping the sea and that his was kept in order and increasing by staying in port but know he finds, I fancy, if Emperors hear the truth, that his fleet suffers more in a night than ours in one year.;Horatio Nelson;truth
There's a terrible truth for many women in the picture business: Aging typically takes its toll and means fewer and less desirable roles.;Maureen O'Hara;truth
The truth is, if anyone saw my home life, I'm pretty sure it would look like other families' around the world. There's a lot of juggling to be done.;Brooke Burke;truth
Not truth, but faith, it is that keeps the world alive.;Edna St. Vincent Millay;truth
I am quite certain in my heart of hearts that modern music and modern art is not a conspiracy, but is a form of truth and integrity for those who practise it honestly, decently and with all their being.;Michael Tippett;truth
A man is original when he speaks the truth that has always been known to all good men.;Patrick Kavanagh;truth
The truth was you can't continue to spend the kind of money our spending on all these entitlement programs. I think we need more people in public life who are willing to say, no, we can't afford certain things. No, we can't do certain things.;Chris Christie;truth
Individuals need to be willing to face truth about their attitudes, behaviors, even what we want out of life.;Joyce Meyer;truth
The truth is that I oppose the Iraq war, just as I opposed the Vietnam War, because these two conflicts have weakened the U.S. and diminished our standing in the world and our national security.;George McGovern;truth
I make one pledge above all others - to seek and speak the truth with all the resources of mind and spirit I command.;George McGovern;truth
I'm not pretty. The truth is I didn't think I could be a model at all. I was looking at some of the guys on the walls at Irene Marie and I thought to myself 'Jesus Christ. I can't do this. I don't look anything like these guys'.;Channing Tatum;truth
Also, I used to think that one day I might get someone to iron my shirts, but the truth is I really like doing them myself.;David Sedaris;truth
Confidence and superiority: It's the usual fundamentalist stuff: I've got the truth, and you haven't.;Jeanette Winterson;truth
The only thing I can do is tell the truth as I see it and let the chips fall where they may.;Jack Kemp;truth
The truth is that I'm constitutionally incapable of doing an ordinary job.;Dylan Moran;truth
I'd like to say I'm R&ampB's savior. Whether that's the truth or not, I'm definitely going out there with my mic and my shield to declare, 'I am here to save R&ampB.' I will have the people saying, 'Sir, there is a man at the musical gates saying he is here to save R&ampB.';Jamie Foxx;truth
Remember the sufferings of Christ, the storms that were weathered... the crown that came from those sufferings which gave new radiance to the faith... All saints give testimony to the truth that without real effort, no one ever wins the crown.;Thomas Becket;truth
Truth is always exciting. Speak it, then life is dull without it.;Pearl S. Buck;truth
The truth is that the religious and the scientific processes, though involving different methods, are identical in their final aim. Both aim at reaching the most real.;Muhammad Iqbal;truth
The audience is the best judge of anything. They cannot be lied to. Truth brings them closer. A moment that lags - they're gonna cough.;Barbra Streisand;truth
It's been a pretty fun ride, to tell you the truth.;R. Lee Ermey;truth
My assignment is what every writer's assignment is: tell the truth of his own time.;Leslie Fiedler;truth
You don't have to sort of enhance reality. There is nothing stranger than truth.;Annie Leibovitz;truth
You've got to demand the truth from yourself.;Glenn Beck;truth
The great advantage about telling the truth is that nobody ever believes it.;Dorothy L. Sayers;truth
Telling the truth to people who misunderstand you is generally promoting a falsehood, isn't it?;Anthony Hope;truth
People talk about 'getting rid of the old image', and I guess there's some merit in that. But the truth is that people loved 'The Wonder Years' - I can't turn my back on it.;Danica McKellar;truth
My truth - what I believe - is that there are no answers here and, if you are looking for answers, you'd better choose the question carefully.;Javier Bardem;truth
It's in the history books, the Holocaust. It's just a phrase. And the truth is it happened yesterday. It happened to my mother. I never met my grandmothers or my grandfathers. They were all wiped up in the gas chambers of Nazi Germany.;Gene Simmons;truth
Every night I go over what I did in the day, in ethical or moral terms. Have I treated people properly? Did I tell the truth?;Jeanne Moreau;truth
It is precisely our job as Catholics to speak the truth as plainly and precisely as we can.;Sargent Shriver;truth
Imagination is the wide-open eye which leads us always to see truth more vividly.;Christopher Fry;truth
The most solid piece of scientific truth I know of is that we are profoundly ignorant about nature.;Lewis Thomas;truth
I intend to explode the myths about myself and get down to the real truth about the legend that is Batman.;Bob Kane;truth
Tell the truth, work hard, and come to dinner on time.;Gerald R. Ford;truth
The GAO just released a report that said 22 percent of federal programs fail to meet their objectives. The truth is we don't know how taxpayer money is spent in Washington, D.C., which is why I think we ought to put every agency budget up on the Internet for everyone to see.;Carly Fiorina;truth
I agree with just about everyone in the reform debate when they say 'If you like what you have, you should be able to keep it.' But the truth is that none of the health reform bills making their way through Congress actually delivers on that promise.;Ron Wyden;truth
The truth is in California you can't build a new manufacturing facility, and businesses are leaving in droves because of bad government policy.;Carly Fiorina;truth
He who joyfully marches to music in rank and file has already earned my contempt. He has been given a large brain by mistake, since for him the spinal cord would suffice.;Albert Einstein;war
One of the greatest casualties of the war in Vietnam is the Great Society... shot down on the battlefield of Vietnam.;Martin Luther King, Jr.;war
The release of atomic energy has not created a new problem. It has merely made more urgent the necessity of solving an existing one.;Albert Einstein;war
Every gun that is made, every warship launched, every rocket fired, signifies in the final sense a theft from those who hunger and are not fed, those who are cold and are not clothed.;Dwight D. Eisenhower;war
We shall defend our island, whatever the cost may be, we shall fight on the beaches, we shall fight on the landing grounds, we shall fight in the fields and in the streets, we shall fight in the hills we shall never surrender.;Winston Churchill;war
Never in the field of human conflict was so much owed by so many to so few.;Winston Churchill;war
In wartime, truth is so precious that she should always be attended by a bodyguard of lies.;Winston Churchill;war
When the war of the giants is over the wars of the pygmies will begin.;Winston Churchill;war
Mankind must put an end to war before war puts an end to mankind.;John F. Kennedy;war
War will exist until that distant day when the conscientious objector enjoys the same reputation and prestige that the warrior does today.;John F. Kennedy;war
The object of war is not to die for your country but to make the other bastard die for his.;George S. Patton;war
War does not determine who is right - only who is left.;Bertrand Russell;war
The basic problems facing the world today are not susceptible to a military solution.;John F. Kennedy;war
The best weapon against an enemy is another enemy.;Friedrich Nietzsche;war
Never think that war, no matter how necessary, nor how justified, is not a crime.;Ernest Hemingway;war
There was never a good war, or a bad peace.;Benjamin Franklin;war
It is forbidden to kill therefore all murderers are punished unless they kill in large numbers and to the sound of trumpets.;Voltaire;war
When the rich wage war, it's the poor who die.;Jean-Paul Sartre;war
All war is deception.;Sun Tzu;war
Don't forget what I discovered that over ninety percent of all national deficits from 1921 to 1939 were caused by payments for past, present, and future wars.;Franklin D. Roosevelt;war
War is an ugly thing, but not the ugliest of things. The decayed and degraded state of moral and patriotic feeling which thinks that nothing is worth war is much worse.;John Stuart Mill;war
What is human warfare but just this an effort to make the laws of God and nature take sides with one party.;Henry David Thoreau;war
In modern war... you will die like a dog for no good reason.;Ernest Hemingway;war
If we don't end war, war will end us.;H. G. Wells;war
I must study politics and war that my sons may have liberty to study mathematics and philosophy.;John Adams;war
There will one day spring from the brain of science a machine or force so fearful in its potentialities, so absolutely terrifying, that even man, the fighter, who will dare torture and death in order to inflict torture and death, will be appalled, and so abandon war forever.;Thomas A. Edison;war
There is no instance of a nation benefitting from prolonged warfare.;Sun Tzu;war
A soldier will fight long and hard for a bit of colored ribbon.;Napoleon Bonaparte;war
You can't say civilization don't advance... in every war they kill you in a new way.;Will Rogers;war
Yesterday, December seventh, 1941, a date which will live in infamy, the United States of America was suddenly and deliberately attacked by naval and air forces of the Empire of Japan.;Franklin D. Roosevelt;war
In peace, sons bury their fathers. In war, fathers bury their sons.;Herodotus;war
War grows out of the desire of the individual to gain advantage at the expense of his fellow man.;Napoleon Hill;war
There is no avoiding war it can only be postponed to the advantage of others.;Niccolo Machiavelli;war
I'm fed up to the ears with old men dreaming up wars for young men to die in.;George McGovern;war
It is well that war is so terrible. We should grow too fond of it.;Robert E. Lee;war
Patriots always talk of dying for their country and never of killing for their country.;Bertrand Russell;war
Only the dead have seen the end of the war.;George Santayana;war
In my dreams I hear again the crash of guns, the rattle of musketry, the strange, mournful mutter of the battlefield.;Douglas MacArthur;war
All wars are civil wars, because all men are brothers.;Francois Fenelon;war
We are going to have peace even if we have to fight for it.;Dwight D. Eisenhower;war
Ours is a world of nuclear giants and ethical infants. We know more about war that we know about peace, more about killing that we know about living.;Omar N. Bradley;war
To walk through the ruined cities of Germany is to feel an actual doubt about the continuity of civilization.;George Orwell;war
Older men declare war. But it is the youth that must fight and die.;Herbert Hoover;war
An unjust peace is better than a just war.;Marcus Tullius Cicero;war
Ten soldiers wisely led will beat a hundred without a head.;Euripides;war
Wars have never hurt anybody except the people who die.;Salvador Dali;war
No country can act wisely simultaneously in every part of the globe at every moment of time.;Henry A. Kissinger;war
John Dalton's records, carefully preserved for a century, were destroyed during the World War II bombing of Manchester. It is not only the living who are killed in war.;Isaac Asimov;war
The military don't start wars. Politicians start wars.;William Westmoreland;war
War is a defeat for humanity.;Pope John Paul II;war
War is not an adventure. It is a disease. It is like typhus.;Antoine de Saint-Exupery;war
Man has no right to kill his brother. It is no excuse that he does so in uniform: he only adds the infamy of servitude to the crime of murder.;Percy Bysshe Shelley;war
Sometime they'll give a war and nobody will come.;Carl Sandburg;war
I have never advocated war except as a means of peace.;Ulysses S. Grant;war
It seems like such a terrible shame that innocent civilians have to get hurt in wars, otherwise combat would be such a wonderfully healthy way to rid the human race of unneeded trash.;Fred Woodworth;war
One may know how to gain a victory, and know not how to use it.;Pedro Calderon de la Barca;war
War remains the decisive human failure.;John Kenneth Galbraith;war
War is only a cowardly escape from the problems of peace.;Thomas Mann;war
I have not yet begun to fight!;John Paul Jones;war
The direct use of force is such a poor solution to any problem, it is generally employed only by small children and large nations.;David Friedman;war
War is hell.;William Tecumseh Sherman;war
If it's natural to kill, how come men have to go into training to learn how?;Joan Baez;war
Sweat saves blood.;Erwin Rommel;war
War makes thieves and peace hangs them.;George Herbert;war
The first casualty when war comes is truth.;Hiram Johnson;war
War is a series of catastrophes which result in victory.;Albert Pike;war
The scenes on this field would have cured anybody of war.;William Tecumseh Sherman;war
The Establishment center... has led us into the stupidest and cruelest war in all history. That war is a moral and political disaster - a terrible cancer eating away at the soul of our nation.;George McGovern;war
I do not believe that the men who served in uniform in Vietnam have been given the credit they deserve. It was a difficult war against an unorthodox enemy.;William Westmoreland;war
There is nothing that war has ever achieved that we could not better achieve without it.;Havelock Ellis;war
To win this war, we need a commander in chief, not a professor of law standing at the lectern.;Sarah Palin;war
You can no more win a war than you can win an earthquake.;Jeannette Rankin;war
It has too often been too easy for rulers and governments to incite man to war.;Lester B. Pearson;war
We have war when at least one of the parties to a conflict wants something more than it wants peace.;Jeane Kirkpatrick;war
War is the unfolding of miscalculations.;Barbara Tuchman;war
A visitor from Mars could easily pick out the civilized nations. They have the best implements of war.;Herbert V. Prochnow;war
The power to wage war is the power to wage war successfully.;Charles Evans Hughes;war
War would end if the dead could return.;Stanley Baldwin;war
The way to win an atomic war is to make certain it never starts.;Omar N. Bradley;war
What is the use of physicians like myself trying to help parents to bring up children healthy and happy, to have them killed in such numbers for a cause that is ignoble?;Benjamin Spock;war
But when will our leaders learn - war is not the answer.;Helen Thomas;war
We have been travelling through a cloud. The sky has been dark ever since the war began.;Black Kettle;war
When the question arose whether I, as a member of the royal family, should take part in active combat in the Falklands, there was no question in her mind, and it only took her two days to sort the issue.;Prince Andrew;war
We are all tourists in history, and irony is what we win in wars.;Anatole Broyard;war
It was definitely a part of our life. I mean, my mom had both her brothers and her fiancee in Vietnam at the same time, so it wasn't just my dad's story, it was my mom's story too. And we definitely grew up listening to the stories.;Vanessa Kerry;war
The surest way to prevent war is not to fear it.;John Randolph;war
Love does not begin and end the way we seem to think it does. Love is a battle, love is a war love is a growing up.;James A. Baldwin;war
I refuse to accept the view that mankind is so tragically bound to the starless midnight of racism and war that the bright daybreak of peace and brotherhood can never become a reality... I believe that unarmed truth and unconditional love will have the final word.;Martin Luther King, Jr.;war
I know not with what weapons World War III will be fought, but World War IV will be fought with sticks and stones.;Albert Einstein;war
I am not only a pacifist but a militant pacifist. I am willing to fight for peace. Nothing will end war unless the people themselves refuse to go to war.;Albert Einstein;war
Love is like war: easy to begin but very hard to stop.;H. L. Mencken;war
We must concentrate not merely on the negative expulsion of war but the postive affirmation of peace.;Martin Luther King, Jr.;war
War is a poor chisel to carve out tomorrow.;Martin Luther King, Jr.;war
It is not enough to say we must not wage war. It is necessary to love peace and sacrifice for it.;Martin Luther King, Jr.;war
It is my conviction that killing under the cloak of war is nothing but an act of murder.;Albert Einstein;war
I do not believe that civilization will be wiped out in a war fought with the atomic bomb. Perhaps two-thirds of the people of the earth will be killed.;Albert Einstein;war
You cannot simultaneously prevent and prepare for war.;Albert Einstein;war
Allow the president to invade a neighboring nation, whenever he shall deem it necessary to repel an invasion, and you allow him to do so whenever he may choose to say he deems it necessary for such a purpose - and you allow him to make war at pleasure.;Abraham Lincoln;war
Be at war with your vices, at peace with your neighbors, and let every new year find you a better man.;Benjamin Franklin;war
The first panacea for a mismanaged nation is inflation of the currency the second is war. Both bring a temporary prosperity both bring a permanent ruin. But both are the refuge of political and economic opportunists.;Ernest Hemingway;war
A prisoner of war is a man who tries to kill you and fails, and then asks you not to kill him.;Winston Churchill;war
When you are winning a war almost everything that happens can be claimed to be right and wise.;Winston Churchill;war
The republican is the only form of government which is not eternally at open or secret war with the rights of mankind.;Thomas Jefferson;war
Politics is almost as exciting as war, and quite as dangerous. In war you can only be killed once, but in politics many times.;Winston Churchill;war
No bastard ever won a war by dying for his country. He won it by making the other poor dumb bastard die for his country.;George S. Patton;war
It is our duty still to endeavor to avoid war but if it shall actually take place, no matter by whom brought on, we must defend ourselves. If our house be on fire, without inquiring whether it was fired from within or without, we must try to extinguish it.;Thomas Jefferson;war
In war, you can only be killed once, but in politics, many times.;Winston Churchill;war
Those who can win a war well can rarely make a good peace and those who could make a good peace would never have won the war.;Winston Churchill;war
I am never going to have anything more to do with politics or politicians. When this war is over I shall confine myself entirely to writing and painting.;Winston Churchill;war
War is a game that is played with a smile. If you can't smile, grin. If you can't grin, keep out of the way till you can.;Winston Churchill;war
In war as in life, it is often necessary when some cherished scheme has failed, to take up the best alternative open, and if so, it is folly not to work for it with all your might.;Winston Churchill;war
Politics are very much like war. We may even have to use poison gas at times.;Winston Churchill;war
War is mainly a catalogue of blunders.;Winston Churchill;war
If we are to teach real peace in this world, and if we are to carry on a real war against war, we shall have to begin with the children.;Mahatma Gandhi;war
As long as war is regarded as wicked, it will always have its fascination. When it is looked upon as vulgar, it will cease to be popular.;Oscar Wilde;war
I abhor war and view it as the greatest scourge of mankind.;Thomas Jefferson;war
Communism has never come to power in a country that was not disrupted by war or corruption, or both.;John F. Kennedy;war
The most successful war seldom pays for its losses.;Thomas Jefferson;war
I have seen enough of one war never to wish to see another.;Thomas Jefferson;war
War is an instrument entirely inefficient toward redressing wrong and multiplies, instead of indemnifying losses.;Thomas Jefferson;war
If we desire to avoid insult, we must be able to repel it if we desire to secure peace, one of the most powerful instruments of our rising prosperity, it must be known, that we are at all times ready for War.;George Washington;war
Strike against war, for without you no battles can be fought!;Helen Keller;war
War is God's way of teaching Americans geography.;Ambrose Bierce;war
Telling us to obey instinct is like telling us to obey 'people.' People say different things: so do instincts. Our instincts are at war... Each instinct, if you listen to it, will claim to be gratified at the expense of the rest.;C. S. Lewis;war
I can not believe that war is the best solution. No one won the last war, and no one will win the next war.;Eleanor Roosevelt;war
Morality is contraband in war.;Mahatma Gandhi;war
Anyone who thinks must think of the next war as they would of suicide.;Eleanor Roosevelt;war
It is an unfortunate fact that we can secure peace only by preparing for war.;John F. Kennedy;war
The supreme art of war is to subdue the enemy without fighting.;Sun Tzu;war
Let the word go forth from this time and place, to friend and foe alike, that the torch has been passed to a new generation of Americans - born in this century, tempered by war, disciplined by a hard and bitter peace.;John F. Kennedy;war
There is always inequality in life. Some men are killed in a war and some men are wounded and some men never leave the country. Life is unfair.;John F. Kennedy;war
The world knows that America will never start a war. This generation of Americans has had enough of war and hate... we want to build a world of peace where the weak are secure and the strong are just.;John F. Kennedy;war
History teaches that war begins when governments believe the price of aggression is cheap.;Ronald Reagan;war
We should declare war on North Vietnam. We could pave the whole country and put parking strips on it, and still be home by Christmas.;Ronald Reagan;war
An Atheist believes that a hospital should be built instead of a church. An atheist believes that deed must be done instead of prayer said. An atheist strives for involvement in life and not escape into death. He wants disease conquered, poverty vanished, war eliminated.;Madalyn Murray O'Hair;war
The real and lasting victories are those of peace, and not of war.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;war
Unconditional war can no longer lead to unconditional victory. It can no longer serve to settle disputes... can no longer be of concern to great powers alone.;John F. Kennedy;war
War is peace. Freedom is slavery. Ignorance is strength.;George Orwell;war
We prefer world law in the age of self-determination to world war in the age of mass extermination.;John F. Kennedy;war
The soldier above all others prays for peace, for it is the soldier who must suffer and bear the deepest wounds and scars of war.;Douglas MacArthur;war
To be prepared for war is one of the most effective means of preserving peace.;George Washington;war
We make war that we may live in peace.;Aristotle;war
Going to war without France is like going hunting without an accordion.;Norman Schwarzkopf;war
Victorious warriors win first and then go to war, while defeated warriors go to war first and then seek to win.;Sun Tzu;war
Those who are at war with others are not at peace with themselves.;William Hazlitt;war
War has always been the grand sagacity of every spirit which has grown too inward and too profound its curative power lies even in the wounds one receives.;Friedrich Nietzsche;war
I hate war as only a soldier who has lived it can, only as one who has seen its brutality, its futility, its stupidity.;Dwight D. Eisenhower;war
Serious sport has nothing to do with fair play. It is bound up with hatred, jealousy, boastfulness, disregard of all rules and sadistic pleasure in witnessing violence. In other words, it is war minus the shooting.;George Orwell;war
You say it is the good cause that hallows even war? I say unto you: it is the good war that hallows any cause.;Friedrich Nietzsche;war
The constitution vests the power of declaring war in Congress therefore no offensive expedition of importance can be undertaken until after they shall have deliberated upon the subject and authorized such a measure.;George Washington;war
I have a scheme for stopping war. It's this - no nation is allowed to enter a war till they have paid for the last one.;Will Rogers;war
My first wish is to see this plague of mankind, war, banished from the earth.;George Washington;war
Four years ago, I promised to end the war in Iraq. We did. I promised to refocus on the terrorists who actually attacked us on 9/11. We have. We've blunted the Taliban's momentum in Afghanistan, and in 2014, our longest war will be over. A new tower rises above the New York skyline, al Qaeda is on the path to defeat, and Osama bin Laden is dead.;Barack Obama;war
Peace is not only better than war, but infinitely more arduous.;George Bernard Shaw;war
The British soldier can stand up to anything except the British War Office.;George Bernard Shaw;war
War - An act of violence whose object is to constrain the enemy, to accomplish our will.;George Washington;war
We used to wonder where war lived, what it was that made it so vile. And now we realize that we know where it lives... inside ourselves.;Albert Camus;war
The myth of unlimited production brings war in its train as inevitably as clouds announce a storm.;Albert Camus;war
When the tyrant has disposed of foreign enemies by conquest or treaty, and there is nothing more to fear from them, then he is always stirring up some war or other, in order that the people may require a leader.;Plato;war
A democracy which makes or even effectively prepares for modern, scientific war must necessarily cease to be democratic. No country can be really well prepared for modern war unless it is governed by a tyrant, at the head of a highly trained and perfectly obedient bureaucracy.;Aldous Huxley;war
If there is not the war, you don't get the great general if there is not a great occasion, you don't get a great statesman if Lincoln had lived in a time of peace, no one would have known his name.;Theodore Roosevelt;war
Now, let me be clear. The path I lay out is not one paved with ever increasing government checks and cradle to grave assurance that government will always be the solution. If this election is a bidding war for who can promise the most goodies and the most benefits, I'm not your president. You have that president today.;Mitt Romney;war
Only the dead have seen the end of war.;Plato;war
The United States is not, and never will be, at war with Islam.;Barack Obama;war
They wrote in the old days that it is sweet and fitting to die for one's country. But in modern war, there is nothing sweet nor fitting in your dying. You will die like a dog for no good reason.;Ernest Hemingway;war
I started to make a study of the art of war and revolution and, whilst abroad, underwent a course in military training. If there was to be guerrilla warfare, I wanted to be able to stand and fight with my people and to share the hazards of war with them.;Nelson Mandela;war
Germany has reduced savagery to a science, and this great war for the victorious peace of justice must go on until the German cancer is cut clean out of the world body.;Theodore Roosevelt;war
Americans play to win at all times. I wouldn't give a hoot and hell for a man who lost and laughed. That's why Americans have never lost nor ever lose a war.;George S. Patton;war
Diplomats are just as essential to starting a war as soldiers are for finishing it... You take diplomacy out of war, and the thing would fall flat in a week.;Will Rogers;war
Sometimes by losing a battle you find a new way to win the war.;Donald Trump;war
Cliches about supporting the troops are designed to distract from failed policies, policies promoted by powerful special interests that benefit from war, anything to steer the discussion away from the real reasons the war in Iraq will not end anytime soon.;Ron Paul;war
In the practical art of war, the best thing of all is to take the enemy's country whole and intact to shatter and destroy it is not so good.;Sun Tzu;war
War is the greatest plague that can afflict humanity, it destroys religion, it destroys states, it destroys families. Any scourge is preferable to it.;Martin Luther;war
Every war when it comes, or before it comes, is represented not as a war but as an act of self-defense against a homicidal maniac.;George Orwell;war
I took a speed-reading course and read War and Peace in twenty minutes. It involves Russia.;Woody Allen;war
I don't oppose all wars. What I am opposed to is a dumb war. What I am opposed to is a rash war.;Barack Obama;war
Another term for preventive war is aggressive war - starting wars because someday somebody might do something to us. That is not part of the American tradition.;Ron Paul;war
Take the diplomacy out of war and the thing would fall flat in a week.;Will Rogers;war
The United States never lost a war or won a conference.;Will Rogers;war
I know war as few other men now living know it, and nothing to me is more revolting. I have long advocated its complete abolition, as its very destructiveness on both friend and foe has rendered it useless as a method of settling international disputes.;Ernest Hemingway;war
Where the stakes are the highest, in the war on terror, we cannot possibly succeed without extraordinary international cooperation. Effective international police actions require the highest degree of intelligence sharing, planning and collaborative enforcement.;Barack Obama;war
As I've said, there were patriots who supported this war, and patriots who opposed it. And all of us are united in appreciation for our servicemen and women, and our hopes for Iraqis' future.;Barack Obama;war
Peace demands the most heroic labor and the most difficult sacrifice. It demands greater heroism than war. It demands greater fidelity to the truth and a much more perfect purity of conscience.;Thomas Merton;war
Once we have a war there is only one thing to do. It must be won. For defeat brings worse things than any that can ever happen in war.;Ernest Hemingway;war
To hold a pen is to be at war.;Voltaire;war
Peace is not a relationship of nations. It is a condition of mind brought about by a serenity of soul. Peace is not merely the absence of war. It is also a state of mind. Lasting peace can come only to peaceful people.;Jawaharlal Nehru;war
Thus it is that in war the victorious strategist only seeks battle after the victory has been won, whereas he who is destined to defeat first fights and afterwards looks for victory.;Sun Tzu;war
For a war to be just three conditions are necessary - public authority, just cause, right motive.;Ernest Hemingway;war
The most shocking fact about war is that its victims and its instruments are individual human beings, and that these individual beings are condemned by the monstrous conventions of politics to murder or be murdered in quarrels not their own.;Aldous Huxley;war
There are patriots who opposed the war in Iraq and there are patriots who supported the war in Iraq. We are one people, all of us pledging allegiance to the stars and stripes, all of us defending the United States of America.;Barack Obama;war
Operations in Iraq and Afghanistan and the war on terrorism have reduced the pace of military transformation and have revealed our lack of preparation for defensive and stability operations. This Administration has overextended our military.;Barack Obama;war
We've persevered because of a belief we share with the Iraqi people - a belief that out of the ashes of war, a new beginning could be born in this cradle of civilization. Through this remarkable chapter in the history of the United States and Iraq, we have met our responsibility. Now, it's time to turn the page.;Barack Obama;war
But do I think that our actions in anyway violate the War Powers Resolution, the answer is no.;Barack Obama;war
The basic fact about human existence is not that it is a tragedy, but that it is a bore. It is not so much a war as an endless standing in line.;H. L. Mencken;war
Thus, what is of supreme importance in war is to attack the enemy's strategy.;Sun Tzu;war
We're not going to baby sit a civil war.;Barack Obama;war
We are not at war against Islam.;Barack Obama;war
The war is coming to the streets of America and if you are not keeping and bearing and practicing with your arms then you will be helpless and you will be the victim of evil.;Ted Nugent;war
If men can develop weapons that are so terrifying as to make the thought of global war include almost a sentence for suicide, you would think that man's intelligence and his comprehension... would include also his ability to find a peaceful solution.;Dwight D. Eisenhower;war
You must not fight too often with one enemy, or you will teach him all your art of war.;Napoleon Bonaparte;war
All war is based on deception.;Sun Tzu;war
Our Generation has had no Great war, no Great Depression. Our war is spiritual. Our depression is our lives.;Chuck Palahniuk;war
In most communities it is illegal to cry 'fire' in a crowded assembly. Should it not be considered serious international misconduct to manufacture a general war scare in an effort to achieve local political aims?;Dwight D. Eisenhower;war
More than an end to war, we want an end to the beginning of all wars - yes, an end to this brutal, inhuman and thoroughly impractical method of settling the differences between governments.;Franklin D. Roosevelt;war
It's an interesting combination: Having a great fear of being alone, and having a desperate need for solitude and the solitary experience. That's always been a tug of war for me.;Jodie Foster;war
War against a foreign country only happens when the moneyed classes think they are going to profit from it.;George Orwell;war
War will never cease until babies begin to come into the world with larger cerebrums and smaller adrenal glands.;H. L. Mencken;war
I'm not going to say I was opposed to the Vietnam War. I'm going to say I'm opposed to war. But I'm also opposed to protests that deny other people their rights.;John Wooden;war
Marriage is an adventure, like going to war.;Gilbert K. Chesterton;war
There has never been a protracted war from which a country has benefited.;Sun Tzu;war
Brave men rejoice in adversity, just as brave soldiers triumph in war.;Lucius Annaeus Seneca;war
What is absurd and monstrous about war is that men who have no personal quarrel should be trained to murder one another in cold blood.;Aldous Huxley;war
War is never economically beneficial except for those in position to profit from war expenditures.;Ron Paul;war
In time it will become clear to everyone that support for the policies of pre-emptive war and interventionist nation-building will have much greater significance than the removal of Saddam Hussein itself.;Ron Paul;war
I was drafted during the Korean War.;Clint Eastwood;war
The art of war is simple enough. Find out where your enemy is. Get at him as soon as you can. Strike him as hard as you can, and keep moving on.;Ulysses S. Grant;war
The more you sweat in peace, the less you bleed in war.;Norman Schwarzkopf;war
In war the heroes always outnumber the soldiers ten to one.;H. L. Mencken;war
Think of what happened after 9/11, the minute before there was any assessment, there was glee in the administration because now we can invade Iraq, and so the war drums beat.;Ron Paul;war
War is a contagion.;Franklin D. Roosevelt;war
Throughout the 20th century, the Republican Party benefited from a non-interventionist foreign policy. Think of how Eisenhower came in to stop the Korean War. Think of how Nixon was elected to stop the mess in Vietnam.;Ron Paul;war
What is not conservative about saying, 'Don't go to war unless we go to war properly with a full declaration of war and no other way?';Ron Paul;war
There's nothing wrong with being a Conservative and coming up with a Conservative believe in foreign policy where we have a strong national defense and we don't go to war so carelessly.;Ron Paul;war
He who is the author of a war lets loose the whole contagion of hell and opens a vein that bleeds a nation to death.;Thomas Paine;war
We've used up a lot of bullets. And we talk about stimulus. But the truth is, we're running a federal deficit that's 9 percent of GDP. That is stimulative as all get out. It's more stimulative than any policy we've followed since World War II.;Warren Buffett;war
It is part of the general pattern of misguided policy that our country is now geared to an arms economy which was bred in an artificially induced psychosis of war hysteria and nurtured upon an incessant propaganda of fear.;Douglas MacArthur;war
I will not play tug o' war. I'd rather play hug o' war. Where everyone hugs instead of tugs, Where everyone giggles and rolls on the rug, Where everyone kisses, and everyone grins, and everyone cuddles, and everyone wins.;Shel Silverstein;war
Secret operations are essential in war upon them the army relies to make its every move.;Sun Tzu;war
War should be the only study of a prince. He should consider peace only as a breathing-time, which gives him leisure to contrive, and furnishes as ability to execute, military plans.;Niccolo Machiavelli;war
War involves in its progress such a train of unforeseen circumstances that no human wisdom can calculate the end it has but one thing certain, and that is to increase taxes.;Thomas Paine;war
To establish any mode to abolish war, however advantageous it might be to Nations, would be to take from such Government the most lucrative of its branches.;Thomas Paine;war
War is a quarrel between two thieves too cowardly to fight their own battle.;Thomas Carlyle;war
People never lie so much as after a hunt, during a war or before an election.;Otto von Bismarck;war
A really strong woman accepts the war she went through and is ennobled by her scars.;Carly Simon;war
War is just when it is necessary arms are permissible when there is no hope except in arms.;Niccolo Machiavelli;war
Peace is not an absence of war, it is a virtue, a state of mind, a disposition for benevolence, confidence, justice.;Baruch Spinoza;war
How is it they live in such harmony the billions of stars - when most men can barely go a minute without declaring war in their minds about someone they know.;Thomas Aquinas;war
Serious sport is war minus the shooting.;George Orwell;war
Humanity should question itself, once more, about the absurd and always unfair phenomenon of war, on whose stage of death and pain only remain standing the negotiating table that could and should have prevented it.;Pope John Paul II;war
War is the business of barbarians.;Napoleon Bonaparte;war
Civil war? What does that mean? Is there any foreign war? Isn't every war fought between men, between brothers?;Victor Hugo;war
A war between Europeans is a civil war.;Victor Hugo;war
When people speak to you about a preventive war, you tell them to go and fight it. After my experience, I have come to hate war.;Dwight D. Eisenhower;war
Peace is the virtue of civilization. War is its crime.;Victor Hugo;war
Great is the guilt of an unnecessary war.;John Adams;war
There is hardly such a thing as a war in which it makes no difference who wins. Nearly always one side stands more of less for progress, the other side more or less for reaction.;George Orwell;war
Today we know that World War II began not in 1939 or 1941 but in the 1920's and 1930's when those who should have known better persuaded themselves that they were not their brother's keeper.;Hubert H. Humphrey;war
In all history there is no war which was not hatched by the governments, the governments alone, independent of the interests of the people, to whom war is always pernicious even when successful.;Leo Tolstoy;war
We should invade their countries, kill their leaders and convert them to Christianity. We weren't punctilious about locating and punishing only Hitler and his top officers. We carpet-bombed German cities we killed civilians. That's war. And this is war.;Ann Coulter;war
War is a way of shattering to pieces... materials which might otherwise be used to make the masses too comfortable and... too intelligent.;George Orwell;war
Oceania was at war with Eurasia therefore Oceania had always been at war with Eurasia.;George Orwell;war
I am tired and sick of war. Its glory is all moonshine. It is only those who have neither fired a shot nor heard the shrieks and groans of the wounded who cry aloud for blood, for vengeance, for desolation. War is hell.;William Tecumseh Sherman;war
In war, when a commander becomes so bereft of reason and perspective that he fails to understand the dependence of arms on Divine guidance, he no longer deserves victory.;Lucius Annaeus Seneca;war
The quickest way of ending a war is to lose it.;George Orwell;war
War is war. The only good human being is a dead one.;George Orwell;war
Happiness is a byproduct of function, purpose, and conflict those who seek happiness for itself seek victory without war.;William S. Burroughs;war
In war there is no prize for runner-up.;Lucius Annaeus Seneca;war
The essential act of war is destruction, not necessarily of human lives, but of the products of human labor.;George Orwell;war
Character... is a habit, the daily choice of right over wrong it is a moral quality which grows to maturity in peace and is not suddenly developed on the outbreak of war.;Charles Wilson;war
No matter what you think about the Iraq war, there is one thing we can all agree on for the next days - we have to salute the courage and bravery of those who are risking their lives to vote and those brave Iraqi and American soldiers fighting to protect their right to vote.;Hillary Clinton;war
I find capitalism repugnant. It is filthy, it is gross, it is alienating... because it causes war, hypocrisy and competition.;Fidel Castro;war
War is evil, but it is often the lesser evil.;George Orwell;war
Those wars are unjust which are undertaken without provocation. For only a war waged for revenge or defense can be just.;Marcus Tullius Cicero;war
The sinews of war are infinite money.;Marcus Tullius Cicero;war
Love has its place, as does hate. Peace has its place, as does war. Mercy has its place, as do cruelty and revenge.;Meir Kahane;war
What this country needs what every country needs occasionally is a good hard bloody war to revive the vice of patriotism on which its existence as a nation depends.;Ambrose Bierce;war
You can't make war in the Middle East without Egypt and you can't make peace without Syria.;Henry A. Kissinger;war
Laws are silent in time of war.;Marcus Tullius Cicero;war
War may sometimes be a necessary evil. But no matter how necessary, it is always an evil, never a good. We will not learn how to live together in peace by killing each other's children.;Jimmy Carter;war
Business is a combination of war and sport.;Andre Maurois;war
Establishing lasting peace is the work of education all politics can do is keep us out of war.;Maria Montessori;war
Experience has shown how deeply the seeds of war are planted by economic rivalry and social injustice.;Harry S. Truman;war
War settles nothing.;Dwight D. Eisenhower;war
Empathy is really the opposite of spiritual meanness. It's the capacity to understand that every war is both won and lost. And that someone else's pain is as meaningful as your own.;Barbara Kingsolver;war
A man who says that no patriot should attack the war until it is over... is saying no good son should warn his mother of a cliff until she has fallen.;Gilbert K. Chesterton;war
War is so unjust and ugly that all who wage it must try to stifle the voice of conscience within themselves.;Leo Tolstoy;war
A professional soldier understands that war means killing people, war means maiming people, war means families left without fathers and mothers.;Norman Schwarzkopf;war
The only excuse for war is that we may live in peace unharmed.;Marcus Tullius Cicero;war
A time will come when a politician who has willfully made war and promoted international dissension will be as sure of the dock and much surer of the noose than a private homicide. It is not reasonable that those who gamble with men's lives should not stake their own.;H. G. Wells;war
The only defensible war is a war of defense.;Gilbert K. Chesterton;war
One cannot wage war under present conditions without the support of public opinion, which is tremendously molded by the press and other forms of propaganda.;Douglas MacArthur;war
I venture to say no war can be long carried on against the will of the people.;Edmund Burke;war
The real war will never get in the books.;Walt Whitman;war
War has rules, mud wrestling has rules - politics has no rules.;Ross Perot;war
What a cruel thing war is... to fill our hearts with hatred instead of love for our neighbors.;Robert E. Lee;war
All those who seek to destroy the liberties of a democratic nation ought to know that war is the surest and shortest means to accomplish it.;Alexis de Tocqueville;war
In time of war the laws are silent.;Marcus Tullius Cicero;war
Brainy folks were also present in Lyndon Johnson's administration, especially in the Pentagon, where Secretary of Defense Robert McNamara's brilliant 'whiz kids' tried to micro-manage the Vietnam war, with disastrous results.;Thomas Sowell;war
War should only be declared by the authority of the people, whose toils and treasures are to support its burdens, instead of the government which is to reap its fruits.;James Madison;war
It is fatal to enter any war without the will to win it.;Douglas MacArthur;war
This war is not about slavery.;Robert E. Lee;war
Every war results from the struggle for markets and spheres of influence, and every war is sold to the public by professional liars and totally sincere religious maniacs, as a Holy Crusade to save God and Goodness from Satan and Evil.;Robert Anton Wilson;war
In war there is no substitute for victory.;Douglas MacArthur;war
War is never a solution it is an aggravation.;Benjamin Disraeli;war
Circumstances cause us to act the way we do. We should always bear this in mind before judging the actions of others. I realized this from the start during World War II.;Thor Heyerdahl;war
Our country is now geared to an arms economy bred in an artificially induced psychosis of war hysteria and an incessant propaganda of fear.;Douglas MacArthur;war
I have known war as few men now living know it. It's very destructiveness on both friend and foe has rendered it useless as a means of settling international disputes.;Douglas MacArthur;war
It is in war that the State really comes into its own: swelling in power, in number, in pride, in absolute dominion over the economy and the society.;Murray Rothbard;war
Either war is obsolete, or men are.;R. Buckminster Fuller;war
All oppression creates a state of war.;Simone de Beauvoir;war
Dalton's records, carefully preserved for a century, were destroyed during the World War II bombing of Manchester. It is not only the living who are killed in war.;Isaac Asimov;war
War on the other hand is such a terrible thing, that no man, especially a Christian man, has the right to assume the responsibility of starting it.;Leo Tolstoy;war
I just want you to know that, when we talk about war, we're really talking about peace.;George W. Bush;war
I could have ended the war in a month. I could have made North Vietnam look like a mud puddle.;Barry Goldwater;war
No protracted war can fail to endanger the freedom of a democratic country.;Alexis de Tocqueville;war
Fortune, which has a great deal of power in other matters but especially in war, can bring about great changes in a situation through very slight forces.;Julius Caesar;war
Every attempt to make war easy and safe will result in humiliation and disaster.;William Tecumseh Sherman;war
There are two things which a democratic people will always find very difficult - to begin a war and to end it.;Alexis de Tocqueville;war
It is not only the living who are killed in war.;Isaac Asimov;war
Of all the enemies of public liberty, war is perhaps the most to be dreaded, because it comprises and develops the germ of every other.;James Madison;war
War should be the politics of last resort. And when we go to war, we should have a purpose that our people understand and support.;Colin Powell;war
Anyone who has ever looked into the glazed eyes of a soldier dying on the battlefield will think hard before starting a war.;Otto von Bismarck;war
Even philosophers will praise war as ennobling mankind, forgetting the Greek who said: 'War is bad in that it begets more evil than it kills.';Immanuel Kant;war
Basketball is like war in that offensive weapons are developed first, and it always takes a while for the defense to catch up.;Red Auerbach;war
We shall never be able to remove suspicion and fear as potential causes of war until communication is permitted to flow, free and open, across international boundaries.;Harry S. Truman;war
When we are sick, we want an uncommon doctor when we have a construction job to do, we want an uncommon engineer, and when we are at war, we want an uncommon general. It is only when we get into politics that we are satisfied with the common man.;Herbert Hoover;war
It is good that war is so horrible, or we might grow to like it.;Robert E. Lee;war
A state of war only serves as an excuse for domestic tyranny.;Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn;war
Let's face it - think of Africa, and the first images that come to mind are of war, poverty, famine and flies. How many of us really know anything at all about the truly great ancient African civilizations, which in their day, were just as splendid and glorious as any on the face of the earth?;Henry Louis Gates;war
The war... was an unnecessary condition of affairs, and might have been avoided if forebearance and wisdom had been practiced on both sides.;Robert E. Lee;war
Pearl Harbor caused our Nation to wholeheartedly commit to winning World War II, changing the course of our Nation's history and the world's future.;Joe Baca;war
A skilful leech is better far, than half a hundred men of war.;Samuel Butler;war
Total war is no longer war waged by all members of one national community against all those of another. It is total... because it may well involve the whole world.;Jean-Paul Sartre;war
No nation ever had an army large enough to guarantee it against attack in time of peace, or ensure it of victory in time of war.;Calvin Coolidge;war
The great thing about being a print journalist is that you are permitted to duck. Cameramen get killed while the writers are flat on the floor. A war correspondent for the BBC dedicated his memoir to 50 fallen colleagues, and I guarantee you they were all taking pictures. I am only alive because I am such a chicken.;P. J. O'Rourke;war
The sinews of art and literature, like those of war, are money.;Samuel Butler;war
There are historic situations in which refusal to defend the inheritance of a civilization, however imperfect, against tyranny and aggression may result in consequences even worse than war.;Reinhold Niebuhr;war
The course of this conflict is not known, yet its outcome is certain. Freedom and fear, justice and cruelty, have always been at war, and we know that God is not neutral between them.;George W. Bush;war
There are no absolute rules of conduct, either in peace or war. Everything depends on circumstances.;Leon Trotsky;war
The executive has no right, in any case, to decide the question, whether there is or is not cause for declaring war.;James Madison;war
Although a soldier by profession, I have never felt any sort of fondness for war, and I have never advocated it, except as a means of peace.;Ulysses S. Grant;war
The Cold War isn't thawing it is burning with a deadly heat. Communism isn't sleeping it is, as always, plotting, scheming, working, fighting.;Richard M. Nixon;war
To secure peace is to prepare for war.;Karl Von Clausewitz;war
The tragedy of modern war is that the young men die fighting each other - instead of their real enemies back home in the capitals.;Edward Abbey;war
The war on drugs is wrong, both tactically and morally. It assumes that people are too stupid, too reckless, and too irresponsible to decide whether and under what conditions to consume drugs. The war on drugs is morally bankrupt.;Larry Elder;war
The Vietnam War required us to emphasize the national interest rather than abstract principles. What President Nixon and I tried to do was unnatural. And that is why we didn't make it.;Henry A. Kissinger;war
In our Country... one class of men makes war and leaves another to fight it out.;William Tecumseh Sherman;war
We have always said that in our war with the Arabs we had a secret weapon - no alternative.;Golda Meir;war
War is a racket. It is the only one international in scope. It is the only one in which the profits are reckoned in dollars and the losses in lives.;Smedley Butler;war
Peace has its victories no less than war, but it doesn't have as many monuments to unveil.;Kin Hubbard;war
The deliberate and deadly attacks which were carried out yesterday against our country were more than acts of terror. They were acts of war.;George W. Bush;war
War is cruelty. There is no use trying to reform it. The crueler it is, the sooner it will be over.;William Tecumseh Sherman;war
Be convinced that to be happy means to be free and that to be free means to be brave. Therefore do not take lightly the perils of war.;Thucydides;war
In war, you win or lose, live or die - and the difference is just an eyelash.;Douglas MacArthur;war
An honorable Peace is and always was my first wish! I can take no delight in the effusion of human Blood but, if this War should continue, I wish to have the most active part in it.;John Paul Jones;war
What charitable 1 percenters can't do is assume responsibility - America's national responsibilities: the care of its sick and its poor, the education of its young, the repair of its failing infrastructure, the repayment of its staggering war debts.;Stephen King;war
My attitude to peace is rather based on the Burmese definition of peace - it really means removing all the negative factors that destroy peace in this world. So peace does not mean just putting an end to violence or to war, but to all other factors that threaten peace, such as discrimination, such as inequality, poverty.;Aung San Suu Kyi;war
I worked night and day for twelve years to prevent the war, but I could not. The North was mad and blind, would not let us govern ourselves, and so the war came.;Jefferson Davis;war
Wanton killing of innocent civilians is terrorism, not a war against terrorism.;Noam Chomsky;war
It required a strong heart to stand up against such talk, but I urged my people to be quiet and not to begin a war.;Chief Joseph;war
My songs are my kids. Some of them stay with me, some others I have to send out, out to the war. It might sound stupid and it might even sound naive, but that's just the way it is.;Thom Yorke;war
The connection between dress and war is not far to seek your finest clothes are those you wear as soldiers.;Virginia Woolf;war
The mother's battle for her child with sickness, with poverty, with war, with all the forces of exploitation and callousness that cheapen human life needs to become a common human battle, waged in love and in the passion for survival.;Adrienne Rich;war
No matter how vast, how total, the failure of man here on earth, the work of man will be resumed elsewhere. War leaders talk of resuming operations on this front and that, but man's front embraces the whole universe.;Henry Miller;war
War will disappear only when men shall take no part whatever in violence and shall be ready to suffer every persecution that their abstention will bring them. It is the only way to abolish war.;Anatole France;war
Death has a tendency to encourage a depressing view of war.;Donald Rumsfeld;war
In war, events of importance are the result of trivial causes.;Julius Caesar;war
There have been only 268 of the past 3,421 years free of war.;Will Durant;war
We can best help you to prevent war not by repeating your words and following your methods but by finding new words and creating new methods.;Virginia Woolf;war
War contributes greatly to global warming, which shouldn't surprise us. All those bombs going off, all those rockets, all those planes and helicopters. All that fuel of various kinds being used. It pollutes the air and water of this very fragile and interconnected planet.;Alice Walker;war
The very essence of literature is the war between emotion and intellect, between life and death. When literature becomes too intellectual - when it begins to ignore the passions, the emotions - it becomes sterile, silly, and actually without substance.;Isaac Bashevis Singer;war
Not all moral issues have the same moral weight as abortion and euthanasia. There may be legitimate diversity of opinion even among Catholics about waging war and applying the death penalty, but not... with regard to abortion and euthanasia.;Pope Benedict XVI;war
War is very sad and small life is pathetically fragile at times.;Henry Rollins;war
Nowadays it is the fashion to emphasize the horrors of the last war. I didn't find it so horrible. There are just as horrible things happening all round us today, if only we had eyes to see them.;Ludwig Wittgenstein;war
War is a profane thing.;Norman Schwarzkopf;war
Could I have but a line a century hence crediting a contribution to the advance of peace, I would yield every honor which has been accorded by war.;Douglas MacArthur;war
No event in American history is more misunderstood than the Vietnam War. It was misreported then, and it is misremembered now.;Richard M. Nixon;war
To delight in war is a merit in the soldier, a dangerous quality in the captain, and a positive crime in the statesman.;George Santayana;war
All the miseries and evils which men suffer from vice, crime, ambition, injustice, oppression, slavery and war, proceed from their despising or neglecting the precepts contained in the Bible.;Noah Webster;war
War is the remedy that our enemies have chosen, and I say let us give them all they want.;William Tecumseh Sherman;war
This administration here and now declares unconditional war on poverty.;Lyndon B. Johnson;war
I'm tired. I'm tired of feeling rejected by the American people. I'm tired of waking up in the middle of the night worrying about the war.;Lyndon B. Johnson;war
As a result of my philosophy, I wasn't even upset about Hitler. I was willing to go to war to knock him off, but I didn't hate him. I hated what he was doing.;Albert Ellis;war
War contains so much folly, as well as wickedness, that much is to be hoped from the progress of reason.;James Madison;war
War can only be abolished through war, and in order to get rid of the gun it is necessary to take up the gun.;Mao Zedong;war
The decadent international but individualistic capitalism in the hands of which we found ourselves after the war is not a success. It is not intelligent. It is not beautiful. It is not just. It is not virtuous. And it doesn't deliver the goods.;John Maynard Keynes;war
Organize, agitate, educate, must be our war cry.;Susan B. Anthony;war
Democracies are indeed slow to make war, but once embarked upon a martial venture are equally slow to make peace and reluctant to make a tolerable, rather than a vindictive, peace.;Reinhold Niebuhr;war
You cannot be President of the United States if you don't have faith. Remember Lincoln, going to his knees in times of trial in the Civil War and all that stuff.;George H. W. Bush;war
This is an important book, the critic assumes, because it deals with war. This is an insignificant book because it deals with the feelings of women in a drawing-room.;Virginia Woolf;war
If we help an educated man's daughter to go to Cambridge are we not forcing her to think not about education but about war? - not how she can learn, but how she can fight in order that she might win the same advantages as her brothers?;Virginia Woolf;war
People always make war when they say they love peace.;David Herbert Lawrence;war
I love it when Muslims go to war with each other, as I do when the Christians do, because it shows there's no such thing as the Christian world and the Islamic world. That's all crap.;Christopher Hitchens;war
It is Barack Obama who is at war with this country. Recent events prove it. This is not a cliche. It's not a figure of speech. Obama is at war with the U.S. economy.;Rush Limbaugh;war
All this happened, more or less. The war parts, anyway, are pretty much true.;Kurt Vonnegut;war
A peace that depends on fear is nothing but a suppressed war.;Henry Van Dyke;war
A self-respecting nation is ready for anything, including war, except for a renunciation of its option to make war.;Simone Weil;war
What a country calls its vital... interests are not things that help its people live, but things that help it make war.;Simone Weil;war
Sectional football games have the glory and the despair of war, and when a Texas team takes the field against a foreign state, it is an army with banners.;John Steinbeck;war
War can be avoided, and it ought to be avoided. I want no war.;Chief Joseph;war
I said in my heart that, rather than have war, I would give up my country.;Chief Joseph;war
I saw clearly that war was upon us when I learned that my young men had been secretly buying ammunition.;Chief Joseph;war
I saw that the war could not be prevented. The time had passed.;Chief Joseph;war
We had good white friends who advised us against taking the war path. My friend and brother, Mr. Chapman, told us just how the war would end.;Chief Joseph;war
The condition of man... is a condition of war of everyone against everyone.;Thomas Hobbes;war
War never takes a wicked man by chance, the good man always.;Sophocles;war
In order for a war to be just, three things are necessary. First, the authority of the sovereign. Secondly, a just cause. Thirdly, a rightful intention.;Thomas Aquinas;war
I don't believe war is a way to solve problems. I think it's wrong. I don't have respect for the people that made the decisions to go on with war. I don't have that much respect for Bush. He's about war, I'm not about war - a lot of people aren't about war.;Avril Lavigne;war
The only way human beings can win a war is to prevent it.;George C. Marshall;war
The terrorists and their supporters declared war on the United States - and war is what they got.;George W. Bush;war
Virtue is a state of war, and to live in it we have always to combat with ourselves.;Jean-Jacques Rousseau;war
Winning is overrated. The only time it is really important is in surgery and war.;Al McGuire;war
A man will go to war, fight and die for his country. But he won't get a bikini wax.;Rita Rudner;war
Really, when it comes to gay rights, there's two wars going on. The first war is political. But the culture war is over.;Dan Savage;war
God is day and night, winter and summer, war and peace, surfeit and hunger.;Heraclitus;war
Some have argued that confronting the threat from Iraq could detract from the war against terror. To the contrary, confronting the threat posed by Iraq is crucial to winning the war on terror.;George W. Bush;war
This was not an act of terrorism, but it was an act of war.;George W. Bush;war
With those attacks, the terrorists and their supporters declared war on the United States. And war is what they got.;George W. Bush;war
Hundreds of thousands of American servicemen and women are deployed across the world in the war on terror. By bringing hope to the oppressed, and delivering justice to the violent, they are making America more secure.;George W. Bush;war
War is to man what maternity is to a woman. From a philosophical and doctrinal viewpoint, I do not believe in perpetual peace.;Benito Mussolini;war
War is cruelty, and none can make it gentle.;Gilbert Parker;war
If you want to fight a war on drugs, sit down at your own kitchen table and talk to your own children.;Barry McCaffrey;war
See, that's why Barack's running: to end the war in Iraq responsibly - to build an economy that lifts every family, to make sure health care is available for every American - and to make sure that every child in this nation has a world-class education all the way from preschool to college.;Michelle Obama;war
War is good when good survives and evil is crushed. If you don't crush evil then evil will get you.;Ted Nugent;war
For one thing, I don't think that anybody in any war thinks of themselves as a hero.;Steven Spielberg;war
We can, for example, be fairly confident that either there will be a world without war or there won't be a world - at least, a world inhabited by creatures other than bacteria and beetles, with some scattering of others.;Noam Chomsky;war
Here's how I think of my money - as soldiers - I send them out to war everyday. I want them to take prisoners and come home, so there's more of them.;Kevin O'Leary;war
No more war! Never again war! If you wish to be brothers, drop your weapons.;Pope Paul VI;war
War is a blessing compared with national degradation.;Andrew Jackson;war
Be polite write diplomatically even in a declaration of war one observes the rules of politeness.;Otto von Bismarck;war
God employs several translators some pieces are translated by age, some by sickness, some by war, some by justice.;John Donne;war
How is the world ruled and led to war? Diplomats lie to journalists and believe these lies when they see them in print.;Karl Kraus;war
War kills men, and men deplore the loss but war also crushes bad principles and tyrants, and so saves societies.;Charles Caleb Colton;war
The natural principle of war is to do the most harm to our enemy with the least harm to ourselves and this of course is to be effected by stratagem.;Washington Irving;war
What is more immoral than war?;Marquis de Sade;war
Cards are war, in disguise of a sport.;Charles Lamb;war
Once the command of the air is obtained by one of the contending armies, the war becomes a conflict between a seeing host and one that is blind.;H. G. Wells;war
There is many a boy here today who looks on war as all glory, but, boys, it is all hell.;William Tecumseh Sherman;war
Americans are blessed with great plenty we are a generous people and we have a moral obligation to assist those who are suffering from poverty, disease, war and famine.;Adam Schiff;war
Politics is war without bloodshed, while war is politics with bloodshed.;Mao Zedong;war
I interviewed survivors, I went to Poland, saw the cities and spent time with the people and spoke to the Jews who had come back to Poland after the war and talked about why they had come back.;Steven Spielberg;war
When war comes, two things happen - profits go way, way up and all perishables go way, way down. There becomes a market for them.;Steven Spielberg;war
In the re-creation of combat situations, and this is coming from a director who's never been in one, being mindful of what these veterans have actually gone through, you find that the biggest concern is that you don't look at war as a geopolitical endeavor.;Steven Spielberg;war
As for charity, it is a matter in which the immediate effect on the persons directly concerned, and the ultimate consequence to the general good, are apt to be at complete war with one another.;John Stuart Mill;war
Australians are coffee snobs. An influx of Italian immigrants after World War II ensured that - we probably had the word 'cappuccino' about 20 years before America. Cafe culture is really big for Aussies. We like to work hard, but we take our leisure time seriously.;Hugh Jackman;war
I guess if people couldn't profit from war I don't think there would be war.;Lily Tomlin;war
My hope is that gays will be running the world, because then there would be no war. Just a greater emphasis on military apparel.;Roseanne Barr;war
When I grew up, in Taiwan, the Korean War was seen as a good war, where America protected Asia. It was sort of an extension of World War II. And it was, of course, the peak of the Cold War. People in Taiwan were generally proAmerican. The Korean War made Japan. And then the Vietnam War made Taiwan. There is some truth to that.;Ang Lee;war
As this long and difficult war ends, I would like to address a few special words to the American people: Your steadfastness in supporting our insistence on peace with honor has made peace with honor possible.;Richard M. Nixon;war
This is not Johnson's war. This is America's war. If I drop dead tomorrow, this war will still be with you.;Lyndon B. Johnson;war
The atomic bomb made the prospect of future war unendurable. It has led us up those last few steps to the mountain pass and beyond there is a different country.;J. Robert Oppenheimer;war
The rule for effective governance is simple. It is one Ronald Reagan knew by heart. And one that he successfully employed with Social Security and the Cold War. When there is a problem, you fix it. That is the job you have been sent to do and you cannot wait for someone else to do it for you.;Chris Christie;war
Loud peace propaganda makes war seem imminent.;David Herbert Lawrence;war
The war is dreadful. It is the business of the artist to follow it home to the heart of the individual fighters - not to talk in armies and nations and numbers - but to track it home.;David Herbert Lawrence;war
For peace is not mere absence of war, but is a virtue that springs from, a state of mind, a disposition for benevolence, confidence, justice.;Baruch Spinoza;war
She doesn't understand the concept of Roman numerals. She thought we just fought in world war eleven.;Joan Rivers;war
I'm finding myself really angry over spending and the deficit. I'm finding myself really angry over what's happening in the Middle East, the decision to stay in Afghanistan indefinitely. I'm angry about cap and trade. And I've been on record for a long time on the failed war on drugs.;Gary Johnson;war
War is delightful to those who have had no experience of it.;Desiderius Erasmus;war
The most disadvantageous peace is better than the most just war.;Desiderius Erasmus;war
War is sweet to those who have not experienced it.;Desiderius Erasmus;war
The time not to become a father is eighteen years before a war.;E. B. White;war
I don't think the war in Afghanistan was ruthlessly enough waged.;Christopher Hitchens;war
A faction willing to take the risks of making war on the ossified status quo in the Middle East can be described as many things, but not as conservative.;Christopher Hitchens;war
There are people who cannot forget, as neither do I, the lesson of the years of the Indochina War. Which was, first, that the state is capable of being a murderer. A mass murderer, and a conspirator and a liar.;Christopher Hitchens;war
I have been a gigantic Rolling Stones fan since approximately the Spanish-American War.;Dave Barry;war
For far too long we've allowed the other side to paint us as racist, as sexist, inhumane war mongers - well, today as a conservative black Republican and former solider, I'm here to set that record straight.;Allen West;war
We cannot be both the world's leading champion of peace and the world's leading supplier of the weapons of war.;Jimmy Carter;war
War: a massacre of people who don't know each other for the profit of people who know each other but don't massacre each other.;Paul Valery;war
War is the ultimate tool of politics.;R. Buckminster Fuller;war
When we were at peace, Democrats wanted to raise taxes. Now there's a war, so Democrats want to raise taxes. When there was a surplus, Democrats wanted to raise taxes. Now that there is a mild recession, Democrats want to raise taxes.;Ann Coulter;war
Abstract Expressionism - the first American movement to have a worldwide influence - was remarkably short-lived: It heated up after World War II and was all but done for by 1960 (although visit any art school today and you'll find a would-be Willem de Kooning).;Jerry Saltz;war
All of Koons's best art - the encased vacuum cleaners, the stainless-steel Rabbit (the late-twentieth century's signature work of Simulationist sculpture), the amazing gleaming Balloon Dog, and the cast-iron re-creation of a Civil War mortar exhibited last month at the Armory - has simultaneously flaunted extreme realism, idealism, and fantasy.;Jerry Saltz;war
War is the statesman's game, the priest's delight, the lawyer's jest, the hired assassin's trade.;Percy Bysshe Shelley;war
This war differs from other wars, in this particular. We are not fighting armies but a hostile people, and must make old and young, rich and poor, feel the hard hand of war.;William Tecumseh Sherman;war
That strange feeling we had in the war. Have you found anything in your lives since to equal it in strength? A sort of splendid carelessness it was, holding us together.;Noel Coward;war
A war for a great principle ennobles a nation.;Albert Pike;war
I hate war. Absolutely, I hate war.;Norman Schwarzkopf;war
First of all, Saddam did not win the war, even though he says he did, I mean, you know, that's a joke and everybody in the world knows it.;Norman Schwarzkopf;war
Peace for us means the destruction of Israel. We are preparing for an all-out war, a war which will last for generations.;Yasser Arafat;war
On average, drug prisoners spend more time in federal prison than rapists, who often get out on early release because of the overcrowding in prison caused by the Drug War.;Michael Badnarik;war
There are two problems for our species' survival - nuclear war and environmental catastrophe - and we're hurtling towards them. Knowingly.;Noam Chomsky;war
Nullification means insurrection and war and the other states have a right to put it down.;Andrew Jackson;war
I don't know why you use a fancy French word like detente when there's a good English phrase for it - cold war.;Golda Meir;war
A book is a fragile creature, it suffers the wear of time, it fears rodents, the elements and clumsy hands. so the librarian protects the books not only against mankind but also against nature and devotes his life to this war with the forces of oblivion.;Umberto Eco;war
France has lost the battle but she has not lost the war.;Charles de Gaulle;war
I am against all war.;Sophia Loren;war
I don't know whether war is an interlude during peace, or peace an interlude during war.;Georges Clemenceau;war
Patriotism is an instant reaction that fades away when the war starts.;Mick Jagger;war
I was lucky enough to lead a very successful war.;Norman Schwarzkopf;war
Don't worry about the war. It's all over but the shooting.;Samuel Goldwyn;war
So I would say God hates war, but God loves every soldier.;Rick Warren;war
War is at its best barbarism.;William Tecumseh Sherman;war
I know I had no hand in making this war, and I know I will make more sacrifices today than any of you to secure peace.;William Tecumseh Sherman;war
I would make this war as severe as possible, and show no symptoms of tiring till the South begs for mercy.;William Tecumseh Sherman;war
I want a world without war, a world without insanity. I want to see people do well. I don't even think it's as much as what I want for myself. It's more what I want for the people around me. That's what I want.;Tom Cruise;war
That is what war is and dancing it is forward and back, when one is out walking one wants not to go back the way they came but in dancing and in war it is forward and back.;Gertrude Stein;war
War is never fatal but always lost. Always lost.;Gertrude Stein;war
In a war everybody always knows all about Switzerland, in peace times it is just Switzerland but in war time it is the only country that everybody has confidence in, everybody.;Gertrude Stein;war
There's no doubt that usually a president's public image is enhanced by going to war. That never did appeal to me.;Jimmy Carter;war
I had very good support from Democrats and Republicans all throughout my administration. I had a very high batting average. We added more jobs per year in my four years than any other president since the Second World War.;Jimmy Carter;war
When I was in the White House, I was confronted with the challenge of the Cold War. Both the Soviet Union and I had 30,000 nuclear weapons that could destroy the entire earth and I had to maintain the peace.;Jimmy Carter;war
All that is needed to set us definitely on the road to a Fascist society is war. It will of course be a modified form of Fascism at first.;John T. Flynn;war
The facts of life are that a child who has seen war cannot be compared with a child who doesn't know what war is except from television.;Sophia Loren;war
World War II was the last government program that really worked.;George Will;war
Politics and war are remarkably similar situations.;Newt Gingrich;war
The biggest problem was the politicians knew nothing about fighting a war.;R. Lee Ermey;war
Those who have experienced the most, have suffered so much that they have ceased to hate. Hate is more for those with a slightly guilty conscience, and who by chewing on old hate in times of peace wish to demonstrate how great they were during the war.;Thor Heyerdahl;war
It is only those who have neither fired a shot nor heard the shrieks and groans of the wounded who cry aloud for blood, more vengeance, more desolation. War is hell.;William Tecumseh Sherman;war
There's many a boy here today who looks on war as all glory but it is all hell.;William Tecumseh Sherman;war
War is too serious a matter to leave to soldiers.;William Tecumseh Sherman;war
If the people raise a great howl against my barbarity and cruelty, I will answer that war is war, and not popularity seeking.;William Tecumseh Sherman;war
You cannot qualify war in harsher terms than I will.;William Tecumseh Sherman;war
He belonged to that army known as invincible in peace, invisible in war.;William Tecumseh Sherman;war
There must be people who remember World War II and the Holocaust who can help us get out of this rut.;Martin Scorsese;war
Law is always better than war.;Brian Eno;war
If men make war in slavish obedience to rules, they will fail.;Ulysses S. Grant;war
I could start a war in 30 seconds. But some countries spend 100 years trying to find peace. Just like good manners, peace has to be learned.;Sylvester Stallone;war
Here we will solve with laws and dollars, problems that too many people around the world still must solve with violence and civil war.;Marco Rubio;war
During times of war, hatred becomes quite respectable even though it has to masquerade often under the guise of patriotism.;Howard Thurman;war
The real war is not between the West and the East. The real war is between intelligent and stupid people.;Marjane Satrapi;war
There is so much that must be done in a civilized barbarism like war.;Amelia Earhart;war
The war on terror is the most insane and immoral war of all time. The Americans are doing what they did in Vietnam, bombing villages. But how can a civilised nation do this? How can you can eliminate suspects, their wives, their children, their families, their neighbours? How can you justify this?;Imran Khan;war
It was quite a European war until 1917, when the Americans joined up. They don't have the same sense of the loss of innocence and the cataclysmic loss of life. A whole generation was wiped out.;Tom Hiddleston;war
I always found the extraordinary loss of life in the First World War very moving. I remember learning about it as a very young child, as an eight- or nine-year-old, asking my teachers what poppies were for. Every year the teachers would suddenly wear these red paper flowers in their lapels, and I would say 'What does that mean?';Tom Hiddleston;war
I did a production of 'Journey's End,' an RC Sherriff play about World War I, at the Edinburgh Festival. I was 18 and it was the first time that people I knew and loved and respected came up to me after the show and said, 'You know, you could really do this if you wanted to.';Tom Hiddleston;war
This is a war universe. War all the time. That is its nature. There may be other universes based on all sorts of other principles, but ours seems to be based on war and games.;William Burroughs;war
Officials at the White House are saying that President Bush hasn't changed his schedule much since the war started. The main difference, they say, is that he's started watching the news and taping Sponge Bob.;Conan O'Brien;war
The U.S. army confirmed that it gave a lucrative fire fighting contract in Iraq to the firm once run by the Vice President Dick Cheney without any competitive bidding. When asked if this could be conceived as Cheney's friends profiting from the war, the spokesman said 'Yes.';Conan O'Brien;war
The Canadian government continues to say they will not help us if we go to war with Iraq. However, the prime minister of Canada said he'd like to help, but he's pretty sure that last time he checked, Canada had no army.;Conan O'Brien;war
Television brought the brutality of war into the comfort of the living room. Vietnam was lost in the living rooms of America - not on the battlefields of Vietnam.;Marshall McLuhan;war
I feel like the people from Iceland have a different relationship with their country than other places. Most Icelandic people are really proud to be from there, and we don't have embarrassments like World War II where we were cruel to other people.;Bjork;war
We have been terrorised by what happened in America and we express our condolences to the American people who suffered from this unexpected catastrophe and a new world war.;Muammar al-Gaddafi;war
Our poverty will be brought home to us to its full extent only after the war.;Joseph A. Schumpeter;war
God has been pleased to save us during the years of war that have already passed. We pray that He may be pleased to save us to the end. But we must do our part.;Eamon de Valera;war
War is not the continuation of politics with different means, it is the greatest mass-crime perpetrated on the community of man.;Alfred Adler;war
War is organized murder and torture against our brothers.;Alfred Adler;war
We need to decide that we will not go to war, whatever reason is conjured up by the politicians or the media, because war in our time is always indiscriminate, a war against innocents, a war against children.;Howard Zinn;war
I don't like war. I particularly don't like the celebration of war, which I think the administration is a little bit guilty of.;Neil Young;war
During the time men live without a common power to keep them all in awe, they are in that conditions called war and such a war, as if of every man, against every man.;Thomas Hobbes;war
Making peace is harder than making war.;Adlai E. Stevenson;war
When you get billions in aid and your weapons resupplied and your ammunition stock resupplied, you don't learn the lesson that war is bad and nobody wins.;King Abdullah II;war
What a man knows is everywhere at war with what he wants.;Joseph Wood Krutch;war
I was a little girl in World War II and I'm used to being freed by Americans.;Madeleine Albright;war
The U.N. bureaucracy has grown to elephantine proportions. Now that the Cold War is over, we are asking that elephant to do gymnastics.;Madeleine Albright;war
I know that war is very cruel and that life is harder when you aren't able to live in the place you called home.;Madeleine Albright;war
I saw what happened when a dictator was allowed to take over a piece of a country and the country went down the tubes. And I saw the opposite during the war when America joined the fight.;Madeleine Albright;war
I had nearly finished school because I was making effort not that bad on that. But there was a law in Germany after the war. You could not make your final examination before 18, so lots of people who were late because of the way had to do it first.;Karl Lagerfeld;war
There is a peculiar burning odor in the room, like explosives. the kitchen fills with smoke and the hot, sweet, ashy smell of scorched cookies. The war has begun.;Alison Lurie;war
There's an assault on human sexuality, as Judge Scalia said, they've taken sides in the culture war and on top of that if we have a democracy, the democratic processes should be that we can elect representatives who will share our point of view and vote those things into law.;Pat Robertson;war
There's no question that jihad historically means war.;Pat Robertson;war
Do you know what a soldier is, young man? He's the chap who makes it possible for civilised folk to despise war.;Allan Massie;war
The skirmishes in the occupied land are part of the war of destiny. The outcome of hundreds of years of war will be defined in Palestinian land.;Mahmoud Ahmadinejad;war
I certainly notice the vitality in Belfast, which wasn't there in the Seventies. There was a war going on then. Now there are cranes everywhere. There really is a sense of renewal and hope.;Liam Neeson;war
A war still rages over the legacy of the 1960s.;Camille Paglia;war
American policy seems to be wed to a perpetual state of war. Why? History shows that the world will always be in flux or turmoil, with different peoples competing for visibility and power. The U.S. cannot fix the fate of every nation.;Camille Paglia;war
Mine is the first generation able to contemplate the possibility that we may live our entire lives without going to war or sending our children to war.;Tony Blair;war
We should seek by all means in our power to avoid war, by analysing possible causes, by trying to remove them, by discussion in a spirit of collaboration and good will.;Neville Chamberlain;war
I was a soldier in WWII. The last couple of months of the war I was actually in combat.;Mel Brooks;war
On the justification for the war, it wasn't related to finding any particular weapon of mass destruction.;Stephen Harper;war
War is like love it always finds a way.;Bertolt Brecht;war
What they could do with 'round here is a good war. What else can you expect with peace running wild all over the place? You know what the trouble with peace is? No organization.;Bertolt Brecht;war
War is not merely a political act but a real political instrument, a continuation of political intercourse, a carrying out of the same by other means.;Karl Von Clausewitz;war
My argument is that War makes rattling good history but Peace is poor reading.;Thomas Hardy;war
Our modern states are preparing for war without even knowing the future enemy.;Alfred Adler;war
To all those who walk the path of human cooperation war must appear loathsome and inhuman.;Alfred Adler;war
I couldn't be happier that President Bush has stood up for having served in the National Guard, because I can finally put an end to all those who questioned my motives for enlisting in the Army Reserve at the height of the Vietnam War.;Larry David;war
I hope my own children never have to fight a war.;George H. W. Bush;war
You can easily die racing to cover a bank robbery as you can in a war zone.;Jessica Savitch;war
My mom, Irmelin, taught me the value of life. Her own life was saved by my grandmother during World War II.;Leonardo DiCaprio;war
We experience problem-solving sessions as war zones, we view competing ideas as enemies, and we use problems as weapons to blame and defeat opposition forces. No wonder we can't come up with real lasting solutions!;Margaret J. Wheatley;war
We owe our World War II veterans - and all our veterans - a debt we can never fully repay.;Doc Hastings;war
For what can war, but endless war, still breed?;John Milton;war
A boy doesn't have to go to war to be a hero he can say he doesn't like pie when he sees there isn't enough to go around.;E. W. Howe;war
Yes, we love peace, but we are not willing to take wounds for it, as we are for war.;John Andrew Holmes;war
Being over seventy is like being engaged in a war. All our friends are going or gone and we survive amongst the dead and the dying as on a battlefield.;St. Jerome;war
No one ever said that fighting the war against terrorism and defending our homeland would be easy. So let's support our troops, law enforcement workers, and our mission to keep our nation and our children safe in the days and years to come.;Judy Biggert;war
War has become a luxury that only small nations can afford.;Hannah Arendt;war
Accurst be he that first invented war.;Christopher Marlowe;war
War is the continuation of politics by other means.;Karl Von Clausewitz;war
Yes quaint and curious war is! You shoot a fellow down you'd treat if met where any bar is, or help to half-a-crown.;Thomas Hardy;war
War alone brings up to their highest tension all human energies and imposes the stamp of nobility upon the peoples who have the courage to make it.;Benito Mussolini;war
All the business of war, and indeed all the business of life, is to endeavour to find out what you don't know by what you do that's what I called 'guess what was at the other side of the hill'.;Duke of Wellington;war
What Churchill described as the twin marauders of war and tyranny have been almost entirely banished from our continent. Today, hundreds of millions dwell in freedom, from the Baltic to the Adriatic, from the Western Approaches to the Aegean.;David Cameron;war
The world will never have lasting peace so long as men reserve for war the finest human qualities. Peace, no less than war, requires idealism and self-sacrifice and a righteous and dynamic faith.;John Foster Dulles;war
There is nothing so subject to the inconstancy of fortune as war.;Miguel de Cervantes;war
Love and war are the same thing, and stratagems and policy are as allowable in the one as in the other.;Miguel de Cervantes;war
War makes strange giant creatures out of us little routine men who inhabit the earth.;Ernie Pyle;war
War is what happens when language fails.;Margaret Atwood;war
They are patriotic in time of war because it is to their interest to be so, but in time of peace they follow power and the dollar wherever they may lead.;Henry A. Wallace;war
The United States established itself as a trustworthy new nation in its first two decades after the Revolutionary War by paying its debts, even when many in the country believed it had no obligation to do so. Alexander Hamilton, the founder of this newspaper, insisted on it.;John Podhoretz;war
The idea that the rest of the world was somehow being held hostage by the Arab-Israeli conflict once had a minimal basis in reality. In the first 20 years of Israel's existence, every Arab country was in an active state of war with the Jewish state.;John Podhoretz;war
Hurtling the Pentagon into an unprecedented budgetary meltdown is horrifically irresponsible. Obama doesn't care. This is war - not against the Taliban, but war against the GOP. He has Republicans on the ropes, and that's a victory he savors and desires - unlike Afghanistan, where he seems only to want to turn tail.;John Podhoretz;war
And I'm a slow writer: five, six hundred words is a good day. That's the reason it took me 20 years to write those million and a half words of the Civil War.;Shelby Foote;war
War is just a racket... I believe in adequate defense at the coastline and nothing else.;Smedley Butler;war
I beg Osama to stop warring. He is a Muslim, and Islam means peace. Nobody wins in a war... I wish I were tapped in the problem about Iraq. I knew Saddam enough that I could have talked him into surrendering. But it's too late.;Imelda Marcos;war
My father was in the First World War.;Doris Lessing;war
When there's a war, people get married.;Doris Lessing;war
I wanted to write about my mother as she should have been if she had not been messed up by World War I.;Doris Lessing;war
You cannot avoid war in life, you cannot avoid the fear of terrorism, you cannot avoid those things now, they are a part of everyday demeanor.;John Mayer;war
Fantasy is toxic: the private cruelty and the world war both have their start in the heated brain.;Elizabeth Bowen;war
Weapons are an important factor in war, but not the decisive one it is man and not materials that counts.;Mao Zedong;war
Politics is war without bloodshed while war is politics with bloodshed.;Mao Zedong;war
Republicans have been losing the war of words for years now. Now they are just caving because they don't even want to try. I don't agree with that approach.;Herman Cain;war
The real trouble with war (modern war) is that it gives no one a chance to kill the right people.;Ezra Pound;war
Peace is produced by war.;Pierre Corneille;war
We have a war dictator who was not elected, he snuck in. so he punishes people that threaten him in any way, or even say something he doesn't like. It has no resemblance to democracy.;Joni Mitchell;war
And we love to dance, especially that new one called the Civil War Twist. The Northern part of you stands still while the Southern part tries to secede.;Dick Gregory;war
All war represents a failure of diplomacy.;Tony Benn;war
Black people have always been used as a buffer in this country between powers to prevent class war.;Toni Morrison;war
Fascism is a worldwide disease. Its greatest threat to the United States will come after the war, either via Latin America or within the United States itself.;Henry A. Wallace;war
Business is war. I go out there, I want to kill the competitors. I want to make their lives miserable. I want to steal their market share. I want them to fear me and I want everyone on my team thinking we're going to win.;Kevin O'Leary;war
I would not plan to base my campaign primarily on opposition to the war in the Persian Gulf.;George McGovern;war
The truth is that I oppose the Iraq war, just as I opposed the Vietnam War, because these two conflicts have weakened the U.S. and diminished our standing in the world and our national security.;George McGovern;war
When I was a youngster growing up in South Dakota, we never referred to the national debt, it was always referred to as the war debt because it stemmed from World War I.;George McGovern;war
When you try to find funding for a VVA function, it doesn't seem like it's any trouble at all. People come out of the woodwork with their money to help out because we went over and fought a war.;R. Lee Ermey;war
It is exactly because we are a city that embraces freedom, that welcomes everyone and encourages their dreams, that New York remains on the front lines in the war on terror.;Michael Bloomberg;war
Ironically, it is exactly because we are a city that embraces freedom, that welcomes everyone and encourages their dreams, that New York remains on the front lines in the war on terror.;Michael Bloomberg;war
My mother had a son from previous marriage and her husband died in Second World War.;Mikhail Baryshnikov;war
I cannot think of any circumstances in which a government can go to war without the support of parliament.;Tony Blair;war
Accursed be he that first invented war.;Christopher Marlowe;war
An empire founded by war has to maintain itself by war.;Charles de Montesquieu;war
Become an internationalist and learn to respect all life. Make war on machines. And in particular the sterile machines of corporate death and the robots that guard them.;Abbie Hoffman;war
Say what you want to say about the rest of his presidency, including his tone-deaf response to Katrina and a war waged in Iraq on false pretenses, Bush connected with Americans in the aftermath of 9/11 because he looked as frail and unforgiving as we felt.;Ron Fournier;war
Don't kid yourself. President Obama's decision to withdraw 33,000 troops from Afghanistan before he stands for reelection is not driven by the United States' 'position of strength' in the war zone as much as it is by grim economic and political realities at home.;Ron Fournier;war
I am an opponent of Saddam Hussein, but an opponent also, of the sanctions that have killed a million Iraqi children and an opponent of the United States' apparent desire to plunge the Middle East into a new and devastating war.;George Galloway;war
Many intelligence reports in war are contradictory even more are false, and most are uncertain.;Karl Von Clausewitz;war
Politics is the womb in which war develops.;Karl Von Clausewitz;war
Everything in war is very simple. But the simplest thing is difficult.;Karl Von Clausewitz;war
Bad things do happen in the world, like war, natural disasters, disease. But out of those situations always arise stories of ordinary people doing extraordinary things.;Daryn Kagan;war
One certain effect of war is to diminish freedom of expression.;Howard Zinn;war
War itself is the enemy of the human race.;Howard Zinn;war
Monarchs ought to put to death the authors and instigators of war, as their sworn enemies and as dangers to their states.;Elizabeth I;war
Only the person who has experienced light and darkness, war and peace, rise and fall, only that person has truly experienced life.;Stefan Zweig;war
Well, I think everybody is frustrated by the finances of the U.N. and the inability to solve problems of war and peace.;George H. W. Bush;war
A bad peace is even worse than war.;Tacitus;war
I didn't know a time when there wasn't a war because I spent all my time from the age of two or three to eight in a coal cellar really.;David Bailey;war
The White House isn't the place to learn how to deal with international crisis, the balance of power, war and peace, and the economic future of the next generation.;Joe Biden;war
It is hard, I submit, to loathe bloodshed, including war, more than I do, but it is still harder to exceed my loathing of the very nature of totalitarian states in which massacre is only an administrative detail.;Vladimir Nabokov;war
Those who remember Washington's cold war culture in the 1980s will recall the shocked reactions to Reagan's intervention. People interested in foreign policy were astonished when in 1985 he met alone at Geneva - alone, not a single strategic thinker at his elbow! - with the Soviet Communist master Gorbachev.;Russell Baker;war
Vice stirs up war, virtue fights.;Luc de Clapiers;war
I've been to war, and it's not easy to kill. It's bloody and messy and totally horrifying, and the consequences are serious.;Oliver Stone;war
Just after World War II, this country led the world in science by every way you could measure it, yet the number of scientists was a tiny proportion of what it is now.;James Lovelock;war
As you may recall, Truman was extremely unpopular when he finally left Washington in 1953, thanks largely to the Korean War. Today, however, he is thought to have been a solidly good president, a 'Near Great' even, in the terminology of those surveys of historians they do every now and then.;Thomas Frank;war
Making peace, I have found, is much harder than making war.;Gerry Adams;war
Al Jazeera aired a new tape of Osama bin Laden. It was the usual stuff, he called Bush evil, the Great Satan, called him a war monger. Basically, the same thing you heard at last night's Democratic debate.;Jay Leno;war
These days, our senses are bombarded with aggression. We are constantly confronted with global images of unending, escalating war and violence.;Margaret J. Wheatley;war
You might hold an ethical position that it's wrong to lie, but if you have plans for a war in Iraq, and you want to keep them secret for practical reasons - to reduce casualties, perhaps - and someone asks you about those plans, you may need to lie for a 'good' outcome.;Peter Singer;war
Every day it becomes clearer that this was the wrong war at the wrong time.;Howard Dean;war
But does that mean that war and violence are inevitable? I would argue not because we have also evolved this amazingly sophisticated intellect, and we are capable of controlling our innate behavior a lot of the time.;Jane Goodall;war
The battle for the mind of Ronald Reagan was like the trench warfare of World War I: never have so many fought so hard for such barren terrain.;Peggy Noonan;war
It is the youth who must inherit the tribulation, the sorrow... that are the aftermath of war.;Herbert Hoover;war
We managed to put together a compilation that had some creativity to it. In the meantime I was listening to the free radio stations and I noticed that during their war coverage they were playing these songs born out of the Vietnam War that were all critical of the soldiers.;Joni Mitchell;war
The most disastrous phenomenon of the current situation is the factor that imperialism is employing for its own ends all the powers of the proletariat, all of its institutions and weapons, which its fighting vanguard has created for its war of liberation.;Clara Zetkin;war
The government's War on Poverty has transformed poverty from a short-term misfortune into a career choice.;Harry Browne;war
The war in Iraq, clearly has not turned out in the way that was hoped.;William Hague;war
I won't undertake war until I have tried all the arts and means of peace.;Francois Rabelais;war
We've finally given liberals a war against fundamentalism, and they don't want to fight it. They would except that it would put them on the same side as the United States.;Ann Coulter;war
If anything, we older people yearn for a peaceful world even more than young people do. We are the ones who lost friends or relatives in some war. We are the ones who have lived a lifetime of seeing and reading about human suffering.;Dennis Prager;war
The next war... may well bury Western civilization forever.;Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn;war
War is over if you want it.;Yoko Ono;war
I'll keep us out of war with Oklahoma!;Kinky Friedman;war
After Nixon resigned in 1974, he engaged in a very aggressive war with history, attempting to wipe out the Watergate stain and memory. Happily, history won, largely because of Nixon's tapes.;Bob Woodward;war
A state of war is not a blank check... when it comes to the rights of the Nation's citizens.;Sandra Day O'Connor;war
We've got to keep an eye on the battle that we face - a war on workers. And you see it everywhere. It is the Tea Party. And there's only one way to beat and win that war - the one thing about working people is, we like a good fight.;James P. Hoffa;war
Force and fraud are in war the two cardinal virtues.;Thomas Hobbes;war
I'm a lad of the '60s. I started a magazine to try and end the Vietnam war, but it was a number of years before I had the profile, the financial resources and the time to do more.;Richard Branson;war
I was going to be a great woman novelist. Then the war came along and I think it's hard for young people today, don't you, to realize that when World War II happened we were dying to go and help our country.;Julia Child;war
Resist this war on God, freedom of religion and freedom of speech.;Benjamin Carson;war
Cursed be he above all others Who's enslaved by love of money. Money takes the place of brothers, Money takes the place of parents, Money brings us war and slaughter.;Anacreon;war
When I was in the war, I was lucky that I was in a plane and never saw the carnage close-up.;George McGovern;war
People didn't have the political guts to stand up against an American war.;George McGovern;war
I did frequently refer to my war record in World War II, but not in any flamboyant way.;George McGovern;war
I was the guy who was constantly speaking out against the Vietnam War. I have no regrets about that.;George McGovern;war
It is not patriotic to commit young Americans to war unless our national security clearly requires it.;George McGovern;war
I thought the Vietnam war was an utter, unmitigated disaster, so it was very hard for me to say anything good about it.;George McGovern;war
There is a strong tendency in the United States to rally round the flag and their troops, no matter how mistaken the war.;George McGovern;war
It's a tough thing, to know what to do about a war that deep in your gut you feel is wrong and yet watch your peers going off to fight in that war.;George McGovern;war
Peace is not the absence of war, but a virtue based on strength of character.;Baruch Spinoza;war
Part of what I loved - and love - about being around older people is the tangible sense of history they embody. I'm interested in military history, for instance, because both my grandfathers fought in World War II. I'm interested in writing because one of those grandfathers wrote books.;Jon Meacham;war
Here is a pretty good rule of thumb for Democratic Presidents: if it didn't work for Franklin D. Roosevelt, who won four terms and a World War, it probably won't work for you either.;Jon Meacham;war
World War II ended the Great Depression with one of the great public-private industrial collaborations in the history of man.;Jon Meacham;war
The fact is that America has been at her most prosperous when government and the private sector have been not at war, but in a wary, if often underplayed, alliance. History is unmistakable on this point.;Jon Meacham;war
Since there will be no one left to talk peace after the next war, it makes good sense to break with tradition and hold the peace conference first.;William Glasser;war
If we have an honest discussion on whether the war on poverty should be fought with welfare or with economic growth in the private sector, Democrats will lose black votes.;Alveda King;war
In April 1991, after the Gulf war, Iraq was given 15 days to provide a full and final declaration of all its WMD.;Tony Blair;war
The threat today is not that of the 1930s. It's not big powers going to war with each other. The ravages which fundamentalist political ideology inflicted on the 20th century are memories. The Cold war is over. Europe is at peace, if not always diplomatically.;Tony Blair;war
Killing Japanese didn't bother me very much at that time... I suppose if I had lost the war, I would have been tried as a war criminal.;Curtis LeMay;war
With acting, you wanna see if you can get into trouble without knowing how you're gonna get out of it. It's like the exact opposite of war, where you need an exit strategy. When you're acting, you should get all the way into trouble with no exit strategy, and have the cameras rolling.;John Cusack;war
I remember the '80s being about the Cold War and Reagan and the homeless problem and AIDS. To me, it was kind of a dark, depressing time.;John Cusack;war
Sports is like a war without the killing.;Ted Turner;war
As a soldier, I survived World War I when most of my comrades did not.;Lester B. Pearson;war
The things that inform student culture are created and controlled by the unseen culture, the sociological aspects of our climbing culture, our 'me' generation, our yuppie culture, our SUVs, or, you know, shopping culture, our war culture.;Gus Van Sant;war
The thing about Hemingway that people forget is that all the stuff he did was at a time where people weren't traveling that much. At 19 he travels to Italy. He goes to the Spanish Civil War. He goes to China, he goes to Africa so at that time to travel that much is really incredible.;Clive Owen;war
9/11 was a deliberate, carefully planned evil act of the long-waged war on the West by Koran-inspired soldiers of Allah around the world. They hated us before George W. Bush was in office. They hated us before Israel existed. And the avengers of the religion of perpetual outrage will keep hating us.;Michelle Malkin;war
Henry Kissinger is the greatest living war criminal in the world today, with the blood of millions of people in Vietnam and Cambodia and Laos and Chile and East Timor on his hands. He will never appear in a court or be behind bars.;George Galloway;war
War is the province of danger.;Karl Von Clausewitz;war
War is not an independent phenomenon, but the continuation of politics by different means.;Karl Von Clausewitz;war
War is regarded as nothing but the continuation of state policy with other means.;Karl Von Clausewitz;war
America's veterans and troops serving abroad today fought hard to preserve our red, white and blue, from the Revolutionary War to today's Global War Against Terrorism, and Congress' action today is appropriate for one of our most sacred symbols.;Bill Shuster;war
I can't go to war with paparazzi.;Daniel Craig;war
I would have voted 'no' on the Iraq war and 'yes' to Afghanistan.;Rand Paul;war
American credibility in the war on terrorism depends on a strong stand against all terrorist acts, whether committed by foe or friend.;Arlen Specter;war
If we had pursued what President Nixon declared in 1970 as the war on cancer, we would have cured many strains. I think Jack Kemp would be alive today. And that research has saved or prolonged many lives, including mine.;Arlen Specter;war
My father was an immigrant who literally walked across Europe to get out of Russia. He fought in World War I. He was wounded in action. My father was a great success even though he never had money. He was a very determined man, a great role model.;Arlen Specter;war
When people don't understand that the government doesn't have their interests in mind, they're more susceptible to go to war.;Howard Zinn;war
Before a war military science seems a real science, like astronomy but after a war it seems more like astrology.;Rebecca West;war
I'm a writer. I don't support any war. That's my principle.;Haruki Murakami;war
Ants are so much like human beings as to be an embarrassment. They farm fungi, raise aphids as livestock, launch armies into war, use chemical sprays to alarm and confuse enemies, capture slaves, engage in child labour, exchange information ceaselessly. They do everything but watch television.;Lewis Thomas;war
I can tell you this: If I'm ever in a position to call the shots, I'm not going to rush to send somebody else's kids into a war.;George H. W. Bush;war
One of the good things about the way the Gulf War ended in 1991 is, you'd see the Vietnam veterans marching with the Gulf War veterans.;George H. W. Bush;war
There aren't a lot of guys like me left. But I'm a war horse. I've been through it all. And you know something about war horses? Through the sleet, through the snow, they just keep going.;Joel Silver;war
There will always be a place for us somewhere, somehow, as long as we see to it that working people fight for everything they have, everything they hope to get, for dignity, equality, democracy, to oppose war and to bring to the world a better life.;Harry Bridges;war
President Kennedy was willing to go to war. He was not a coward. The man had been in war and so had Ken O'Donnell. He was ready to protect this nation, but he was not ready for a military solution just because it was being rammed down his throat.;Kevin Costner;war
When I was building the Vietnam Memorial, I never once asked the veterans what it was like in the war, because from my point of view, you don't pry into other people's business.;Maya Lin;war
My mother's sympathies were strongly with the Union. She knew that war was bound to come, but so confident was she in the strength of the Federal Government that she devoutly believed that the struggle could not last longer than six months at the utmost.;Buffalo Bill;war
Everybody has a job to do. There are people in Iraq on both sides of this war who do what they do for religious reasons, and they feel with God on their side. Some people are good at annihilating people. Maybe that's their gift.;Denzel Washington;war
As somebody who, in my second marriage, insisted on a prenuptial agreement, I can also testify that sometimes it is an act of love to chart the exit strategy before you enter the union, in order to make sure that not only you, but your partner as well, knows that there will be no World War III should hearts and minds, for any sad reason, change.;Elizabeth Gilbert;war
New terms used like, 'overseas contingency operation' instead of the word 'war' - that reflects a worldview that is out of touch with the enemy that we face. We can't spin our way out of this threat.;Sarah Palin;war
We can only move to a long-term resolution regarding terrorism and war by planting seeds of peace. We have to start with ourselves.;Peter Yarrow;war
Despite what the pundits want us to think, contested primaries aren't civil war, they are democracy at work, and that's beautiful.;Sarah Palin;war
War, famine, poverty and oppression of the workers will continue while woman makes life cheap. They will cease only when she limits her reproductivity and human life is no longer a thing to be wasted.;Margaret Sanger;war
The west has a great deal to answer for in the Middle East, from Britain's belated empire-building after the First World War to the US and British policy that condemns modern Iraq to the material and social squalor of a half-century ago.;James Buchan;war
Since the attack on the United States on September 11 2001, and the US retaliation in Afghanistan and Iraq, there must be few people who have not felt a twinge of nostalgia for the cold war.;James Buchan;war
Suicidal violence is not the exclusive property of the Muslim world. Suicide bombings were a tactic of nationalist struggles in 19th-century Europe and Russia, the far east during the second world war and the Vietnam war, and in modern Sri Lanka.;James Buchan;war
Rather than turning away from the staggering scale and depth of misery caused by war, we must strive to develop our capacity to empathize and feel the sufferings of others.;Daisaku Ikeda;war
We are at war, and our security as a nation depends on winning that war.;Condoleezza Rice;war
Strategic thinkers were naturally rattled to find this outsider fooling around with their work. They had been thinking strategically when Reagan was just another movie actor playing opposite a chimpanzee, for heaven's sake. They think Reagan is too naive, too innocent, to grasp the intellectual complexities of cold war strategy.;Russell Baker;war
I was so opposed to the war in Vietnam that I initially refused President Nixon's urgings for me to go there.;Sammy Davis, Jr.;war
My youth passed at the time of the country's reconstruction from the ruins and ashes of the war in which my nation never bowed to the enemy paying the highest price in the struggle.;Lech Walesa;war
The politicians always told us that the Cold War stand-off could only change by way of nuclear war. None of them believed that such systemic change was possible.;Lech Walesa;war
Emancipation came to the colored race in America as a war measure. It was an act of military necessity. Manifestly it would have come without war, in the slower process of humanitarian reform and social enlightenment.;Wendell Willkie;war
This programme to stop nuclear by 2020 is just crazy. If there were a nuclear war, and humanity were wiped out, the Earth would breathe a sigh of relief.;James Lovelock;war
There is no morality in war. Morality is the privilege of those judging from the distance. War is only death and destruction.;John Cory;war
If it hadn't been for the Cold War, neither Russia nor America would have been sending people into space.;James Lovelock;war
War is the trade of Kings.;John Dryden;war
My mother was the first woman in the county in Indiana where we were born, in Jay County, to have a college degree. She was educated as a pianist and she wanted to concertize, but when the war came she was married, had a family, so she started teaching.;Twyla Tharp;war
I have a friend that is a WWII buff, and we sat and talked a lot about stuff like the war and the reasons behind it, and you now it's all in the uniform. Once you're in it, it usually does all the work for you.;Ryan Gosling;war
The Pentagon still has not given a name to the Iraqi war. Somehow 'Operation Re-elect Bush' doesn't seem to be popular.;Jay Leno;war
One to destroy, is murder by the law and gibbets keep the lifted hand in awe to murder thousands, takes a specious name, 'War's glorious art', and gives immortal fame.;Edward Young;war
Israel was born under the British mandate. We learned from the British what democracy means, and how it behaves in a time of danger, war and terror. We thank Britain for introducing freedom and respect of human rights both in normal and demanding circumstances.;Shimon Peres;war
It's a war of attrition. If you have patience and a modicum of faith in yourself your chances are not too bad.;Julie Bowen;war
The greatest crime since World War II has been U.S. foreign policy.;Ramsey Clark;war
I have no doubt that we will be successful in harnessing the sun's energy. If sunbeams were weapons of war, we would have had solar energy centuries ago.;George Porter;war
Loss of hope rather than loss of life is what decides the issues of war. But helplessness induces hopelessness.;B. H. Liddell Hart;war
Ideas are the great warriors of the world, and a war that has no idea behind it, is simply a brutality.;James A. Garfield;war
We never had planned to hijack a ship. We never thought of any war plans outside the Palestinian lands. We wished that the program had not failed and then the warriors could have achieved their goals.;Abu Abbas;war
War continues to divide people, to change them forever, and I write about it both because I want people to understand the absolute futility of war, the 'pity of war' as Wilfred Owen called it.;Michael Morpurgo;war
Everyone is interested in war, in that people don't want it to happen. I'm much more interested in peace than in war but it's important to understand why we fight.;Michael Morpurgo;war
I remember an article, I can't recall who by, it was after the fall of the Berlin Wall, which said that now the Wall was down, there could be no more class war. Only someone with money could ever say such a thing.;Claude Chabrol;war
When you go to war, both sides lose totally.;Yoko Ono;war
Criticism in a time of war is essential to the maintenance of any kind of democratic government.;Robert Taft;war
We didn't start this war - the right wing did. We're tired of seeing good-paying jobs shipped overseas. This fight is about the economy, it's about jobs and it's about rebuilding America.;James P. Hoffa;war
War consisteth not in battle only, or the act of fighting but in a tract of time, wherein the will to contend by battle is sufficiently known.;Thomas Hobbes;war
War is the supreme drama of a completely mechanized society.;Lewis Mumford;war
Conservatives saw the savagery of 9/11 in the attacks and prepared for war liberals saw the savagery of the 9/11 attacks and wanted to prepare indictments and offer therapy and understanding for our attackers.;Karl Rove;war
We women are constantly at war with our bodies, it is hard to find amnesty for ourselves.;Margaret Cho;war
Winston Churchill aroused this nation in heroic fashion to save civilisation in World War Two. We have everything we need except political will, but political will is a renewable resource.;Al Gore;war
Make no mistake, adolescence is a war. No one gets out unscathed.;Harlan Coben;war
Look at an infantryman's eyes and you can tell how much war he has seen.;William Alexander Henry;war
Competition makes things come out right. Well, what does that mean in health care? More hospitals so they compete with each other. More doctors compete with each other. More pharmaceutical companies. We set up war. Wait a minute, let's talk about the patient. The patient doesn't need a war.;Donald Berwick;war
In the months leading up to World War II, there was a tendency among many Americans to talk absently about the trouble in Europe. Nothing that happened an ocean away seemed very threatening.;Gene Tierney;war
I remember the 1940s as a time when we were united in a way known only to that generation. We belonged to a common cause-the war.;Gene Tierney;war
However much we may sympathize with a small nation confronted by a big and powerful neighbours, we cannot in all circumstances undertake to involve the whole British Empire in a war simply on her account.;Neville Chamberlain;war
What creates freedom? A revolution in the streets? Mass protest? Civil war? A change of government? The ousting of the old guard and its replacement by the new? History, more often than not, shows that hopes raised by such events are often dashed, sooner rather than later.;Jonathan Sacks;war
We have no control over the outcome of anything. Like the planet and global warming, we don't control that. If politicians want a war we don't control that. Acts of terrorism, we can't control them.;will.i.am;war
The grim fact is that we prepare for war like precocious giants, and for peace like retarded pygmies.;Lester B. Pearson;war
You know, the period of World War I and the Roaring Twenties were really just about the same as today. You worked, and you made a living if you could, and you tired to make the best of things. For an actor or a dancer, it was no different then than today. It was a struggle.;James Cagney;war
As to war, I am and always was a great enemy, at the same time a warrior the greater part of my life and were I young again, should still be a warrior while ever this country should be invaded and I lived.;Daniel Morgan;war
A majority of this country opposes this war, a majority of this country never voted for this administration.;Michael Moore;war
I have never solicited nor received money from Iraq for our campaign against war and sanctions. I have never seen a barrel of oil, never owned one, never bought one, never sold one.;George Galloway;war
No country in history ever sent mothers of toddlers off to fight enemy soldiers until the United States did this in the Iraq war.;Phyllis Schlafly;war
I shall proceed from the simple to the complex. But in war more than in any other subject we must begin by looking at the nature of the whole for here more than elsewhere the part and the whole must always be thought of together.;Karl Von Clausewitz;war
War is not an exercise of the will directed at an inanimate matter.;Karl Von Clausewitz;war
The political object is the goal, war is the means of reaching it, and the means can never be considered in isolation form their purposes.;Karl Von Clausewitz;war
War is the domain of physical exertion and suffering.;Karl Von Clausewitz;war
What's so touching is the way we fight the war right until the moment our business is taken care of and then we turn on a dime and we immediately start taking care of people. It's like a shock and aw shucks campaign.;Dennis Miller;war
What we want to do is reform the welfare system in the way that Tony Blair talked about 13 years ago but never achieved - a system that was created for the days after the Second World War. That prize is now I think achievable.;Iain Duncan Smith;war
I made a French film called 'Merry Christmas' which is a very European film. It's a World War I piece.;Diane Kruger;war
I get offered a World War II movie at least once a week just because I speak German and was born there. I have always stayed away from it because I didn't want to be put into that box.;Diane Kruger;war
Berlin is still going through a transition since the Cold War - both in what used to be East and West Berlin. I can still sense the confusion and the struggle for identity there in the streets. There's a pulse to it.;Diane Kruger;war
I tell people I won't vote to go to war unless I'm ready to go or send my kids.;Rand Paul;war
The main thing I say on war is that we need to obey the law and formally declare war.;Rand Paul;war
The great and abiding lesson of American history, particularly the cold war, is that the engine of capitalism, the individual, is mightier than any collective.;Rand Paul;war
Every writer has his writing technique - what he can and can't do to describe something like war or history. I'm not good at writing about those things, but I try because I feel it is necessary to write that kind of thing.;Haruki Murakami;war
My father belongs to the generation that fought the war in the 1940s. When I was a kid my father told me stories - not so many, but it meant a lot to me. I wanted to know what happened then, to my father's generation. It's a kind of inheritance, the memory of it.;Haruki Murakami;war
We live in an age, in an era where there is so much negativity, there is so much violence in the world, there is so much unrest and people are at war, that I wanted to promote the word love and red signifies love.;Elton John;war
Civil strife is as much a greater evil than a concerted war effort as war itself is worse than peace.;Herodotus;war
I'm sure it is, I'm not for any kind of war, we've been engaged in several wars since the second world war and we lost in Korea, we lost in Vietnam, they are political wars, they have nothing to do with any real threat, nor does this one.;Larry Hagman;war
In war, there are no winners.;Ramman Kenoun;war
I believe that political correctness can be a form of linguistic fascism, and it sends shivers down the spine of my generation who went to war against fascism.;P. D. James;war
With the end of the cold war, all the 'isms' of the 20th century - Fascism, Nazism, Communism and the evil of apartheid-ism - have failed. Except one. Only democracy has shown itself true the help of all mankind.;Jack Kemp;war
I don't feel the need to direct. I tried to get other people to direct Dances, but they wouldn't do it. They all thought it was too long. One director wanted to cut the Civil War sequence. Another thought the white woman was very cliched.;Kevin Costner;war
We still live with this unbelievable threat over our heads of nuclear war. I mean, are we stupid? Do we think that the nuclear threat has gone, that the nuclear destruction of the planet is not imminent? It's a delusion to think it's gone away.;Kevin Costner;war
Mankind will never win lasting peace so long as men use their full resources only in tasks of war. While we are yet at peace, let us mobilize the potentialities, particularly the moral and spiritual potentialities, which we usually reserve for war.;John Foster Dulles;war
The ability to get to the verge without getting into the war is the necessary art. If you try to run away from it, if you are scared to go to the brink, you are lost.;John Foster Dulles;war
He was a degenerate gambler. That is, a man who gambled simply to gamble and must lose. As a hero who goes to war must die. Show me a gambler and I'll show you a loser, show me a hero and I'll show you a corpse.;Mario Puzo;war
My own early experiences in war led me to suspect the value of discipline, even in that sphere where it is so often regarded as the first essential for success.;Herbert Read;war
All the culture war issues will be settled by the court.;Gary Bauer;war
I started studying what the nature of a monument is and what a monument should be. And for the World War III memorial I designed a futile, almost terrifying passage that ends nowhere.;Maya Lin;war
It was a requirement by the veterans to list the 57,000 names. We're reaching a time that we'll acknowledge the individual in a war on a national level.;Maya Lin;war
The definition of a modern approach to war is the acknowledgement of individual lives lost.;Maya Lin;war
I deliberately did not read anything about the Vietnam War because I felt the politics of the war eclipsed what happened to the veterans. The politics were irrelevant to what this memorial was.;Maya Lin;war
There's something brave and touching about game girls of all ages keeping themselves smart in hard times - one thinks of those wonderful women during World War II drawing stocking seams in eyebrow pencil up the back of legs stained with gravy browning because nylons were so hard to get hold of.;Julie Burchill;war
I had just turned 10-years-old when the Japanese attacked Pearl Harbor and plunged America into World War II.;Dan Rather;war
The Iraq war was fought by one-half of one percent of us. And unless we were part of that small group or had a relative who was, we went about our lives as usual most of the time: no draft, no new taxes, no changes. Not so for the small group who fought the war and their families.;Bob Schieffer;war
War is not the only arena where peace is done to death.;Aung San Suu Kyi;war
In the sex war, thoughtlessness is the weapon of the male, vindictiveness of the female.;Cyril Connolly;war
When human beings live together, conflict is inevitable. War is not.;Daisaku Ikeda;war
Men and women who know the brutal reality of war, who know that war strips people of their very humanity, must unite in a new global partnership for peace.;Daisaku Ikeda;war
There was never a war on poverty. Maybe there was a skirmish on poverty.;Andrew Cuomo;war
It has been, after all, 11 years, more than a decade now, of defiance of U.N. resolutions by Saddam Hussein. Every obligation that he signed onto after the Gulf War, so that he would not be a threat to peace and security, he has ignored and flaunted.;Condoleezza Rice;war
There are evils that have the ability to survive identification and go on for ever... money, for instance, or war.;Saul Bellow;war
I took up writing to escape the drudgery of that every day cubicle kind of war.;Walter Mosley;war
What President Bush did in his doctrine of preemptive strike and in his war in Afghanistan and in Iraq was to turn even his allies in Europe negatively toward America.;Louis Farrakhan;war
One side-effect of the so-called war on terror has been a crisis of liberalism. This is not only a question of alarmingly illiberal legislation, but a more general problem of how the liberal state deals with its anti-liberal enemies.;Terry Eagleton;war
Let him who desires peace prepare for war.;Publius Flavius Vegetius Renatus;war
If we stick together as an American people we can bring down the war criminals that are running our country right now.;Cindy Sheehan;war
I think that NATO is itself a war criminal.;Harold Pinter;war
What gunpowder did for war the printing press has done for the mind.;Wendell Phillips;war
I was brought up in the War. I was an adolescent in the Second World War. And I did witness in London a great deal of the Blitz.;Harold Pinter;war
War is not the answer, because only love can conquer hate.;Marvin Gaye;war
I have absolutely no regret about my vote against this war. The same questions remain. The cost in human lives, the cost to our budget, probably 100 billion. We could have probably brought down that statue for a lot less.;Nancy Pelosi;war
The president led us into the Iraq war on the basis of unproven assertions without evidence he embraced a radical doctrine of pre-emptive war unprecedented in our history and he failed to build a true international coalition.;Nancy Pelosi;war
I don't think the Middle East could afford another war.;King Abdullah II;war
This is a game. That's all it is. It's not a war.;Jack Nicklaus;war
You don't attack the grunts of Vietnam you blame the theory behind the war. Nobody who fought in that war was at fault. It was the war itself that was at fault. It's the same thing with psychotherapy.;James Hillman;war
My dad was in the army. World War II. He got his college education from the army. After World War II he became an insurance salesman. Really, I didn't know my dad very well. He and my mother split up after the war. I was raised by my maternal grandmother and grandfather, and by my mother.;Al Pacino;war
I took every chance I could to meet with U.S. soldiers. I talked with them and read the books they gave me about the war. I decided I needed to return to my country and join with them - active duty soldiers and Vietnam Veterans in particular - to try and end the war.;Jane Fonda;war
Every time we walk along a beach some ancient urge disturbs us so that we find ourselves shedding shoes and garments or scavenging among seaweed and whitened timbers like the homesick refugees of a long war.;Loren Eiseley;war
I think Chris Rock at the Oscars was a great example. I thought that was intellectually hilarious. The Gap starts a war with Banana Republic... That to me was funny.;Christopher Meloni;war
People like to make fun of the fans who camp out but people have renaissance fairs people do Civil War re-enactments people do what they like. I'm tired of hearing people rage on the fans. If you don't like 'Twilight,' don't buy a ticket.;Anna Kendrick;war
Yes, politics IS war without bloodshed and war is an extension of those politics.;H. Rap Brown;war
War had always seemed to me to be a purely human behavior. Accounts of warlike behavior date back to the very first written records of human history it seemed to be an almost universal characteristic of human groups.;Jane Goodall;war
That was my first lesson from Ben-Gurion. Then I saw him making peace, and I saw him making war. He mobilized me before the war. The man was a very rare combination between a real intellectual and a born leader. There is a contradiction between the two.;Shimon Peres;war
We are Americans when we go to war, and when we return, we are Mexicans.;Dennis Chavez;war
Concentration of executive power, unless it's very temporary and for specific circumstances, let's say fighting world war two, it's an assault on democracy.;Noam Chomsky;war
I began to speak well at a very advanced age - 15, 16, 17 years old. It was psychological: the trauma of war, my family and growing up on my own. I was more or less a street kid.;Roberto Cavalli;war
It is well known that in war, the first casualty is truth - that during any war truth is forsaken for propaganda.;Harry Browne;war
I ended the war a horse ahead.;Nathan Bedford Forrest;war
After every major conflict - World War I, World War II, Korea, Vietnam, the fall of the Soviet Union - what happened was that we ultimately hollowed out the force, largely by doing deep across-the-board cuts.;Leon Panetta;war
Against the beautiful and the clever and the successful, one can wage a pitiless war, but not against the unattractive: then the millstone weighs on the breast.;Graham Greene;war
The reason that war is such a fascinating subject for writers is because it's a revealer. Put a bunch of people in an adrenaline-fuelled, life-or-death situation and their fundamental behaviours are exposed, the scrim is taken away and the motivations behind each personality come out to play.;Sloane Crosley;war
May the same Almighty Goodness banish the accursed monster, war, from all lands, with her hated associates, rapine and insatiable ambition!;Daniel Boone;war
Overcoming the Cold War required courage from the people of Central and Eastern Europe and what was then the German Democratic Republic, but it also required the steadfastness of Western partner over many decades when many had long lost hope of integration of the two Germanys and Europe.;Angela Merkel;war
The Cold War was over long before it was officially declared dead.;John le Carre;war
During the Cold War, we lived in coded times when it wasn't easy and there were shades of grey and ambiguity.;John le Carre;war
In every war zone that I've been in, there has been a reality and then there has been the public perception of why the war was being fought. In every crisis, the issues have been far more complex than the public has been allowed to know.;John le Carre;war
I worked for MI6 in the Sixties, during the great witch-hunts, when the shared paranoia of the Cold War gripped the services.;John le Carre;war
Britain, which in the years immediately before this war was rapidly losing such democratic virtues as it possessed, is now being bombed and burned into democracy.;J. B. Priestley;war
I think the record speaks for itself. These are two individuals who have been for the war when the headlines were good and against it when their poll ratings were bad.;Dick Cheney;war
It's very important to go back and keep in mind the distinction between handling these events as criminal acts, which was the way we did before 9/11, and then looking at 9/11 and saying, 'This is not a criminal act,' not when you destroy 16 acres of Manhattan, kill 3,000 Americans, blow a big hole in the Pentagon. That's an act of war.;Dick Cheney;war
From our perspective, trying to deal with this continuing campaign of terror, if you will, the war on terror that we're engaged in, this is a continuing enterprise. The people that were involved in some of those activities before 9/11 are still out there.;Dick Cheney;war
The surrealists, and the modern movement in painting as a whole, seemed to offer a key to the strange postwar world with its threat of nuclear war. The dislocations and ambiguities, in cubism and abstract art as well as the surrealists, reminded me of my childhood in Shanghai.;J. G. Ballard;war
It's never acceptable to target civilians. It violates the Geneva Accords, it violates the international law of war and it violates all principles of morality.;Alan Dershowitz;war
Our strategy is one of preventing war by making it self-evident to our enemies that they're going to get their clocks cleaned if they start one.;John W. Vessey, Jr.;war
When my grandfather died, I started adopting some of his accents, to sort of remind myself of him. A homage. He was a war hero, and he was really great with his hands.;Gavin DeGraw;war